We are truly following the patterns of how the mandarins took over empires , not because of the sword , but because control of the endless paper , and regulations , that do more to stagnate most people 's lives , then to do anything productive . 
But then because they do n't see what else they can do , they write up even more laws and regulations , that either do nothing , or hinder more freedom and production . 
Democrats do n't know how to manage money ? 
Shocking ! 
Would he win ? 
What kind of heartless person down voted this ? 
Who is sick enough that they would rather the kid die than have their boy Barry be called out for killing him ? 
& gt ; The essence of the entitlement state is government giving away free stuff . 
Hence Obamacare would provide insurance for 30 million uninsured , while giving everybody tons of free medical services — without adding “one dime to our deficits , ” promised Obama . 
& gt ; & gt ; This being inherently impossible , there had to be a catch . 
Now we know it : hidden subsidies . 
Toss millions of the insured off their plans and onto the Obamacare “exchanges , ” where they would be forced into more expensive insurance packed with coverage they don’t want and don’t need — so that the overcharge can be used to subsidize others . 
[ `` If it 's too good to be true ... 
It ai n't '' ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=5oFXCXQpJXI ) 
Because the Reddit Liberal Brigade™ would downvote it to oblivion within minutes ? 
Does that sound about right ? 
It 's amazing how Democrats view money . 
It has to come from somewhere you idiots and you signed up to foot the bill . 
Congratulations . 
The only people offended by the Redskins are white liberals and Obama . 
I haven’t read the article yet , and I have absolutely no clue whatsoever what race a peanut butter and jelly sandwich could be racist against . 
It sounds to me like this is simply a brief exchange concerning PR strategy . 
They 're both agreeing that sticking to the message of openness to compromise while democrats are saying that they will not accept a compromise on implementation of the affordable care act presents an opportunity to appear more pragmatic and reasonable ( exactly the face republicans need going forward ) . 
I lean a little liberal myself , but I would have to agree with others who have said that this is not a gaffe by any stretch of the imagination . 
This clip just shows two politicians agreeing that they would like to be seen as the `` good guys , '' no surprises , and certainly no harm , there . 
[ deleted ] 
That , of course , is the Debt Star . 
The EPA is in fact non essential . 
Must not be much going on for Congress this week . 
I saw it best said in another cartoon `` At no time was the Obama administration aware of what the Obama administration was doing. `` 
So how is to any different than the Regan and Nixon masks worn for decades ? 
& gt ; its the Constitution . 
I know nothing about this case and how it was ruled . 
But it was the court that blocked it , not the constitution . 
A court could rule that eating ice cream is unconstitutional , that does n't mean the constitution had anything to do with the ruling . 
Unless you would like to cite directly what part of the constitution ( which does n't mention education at all ) relates to what he was trying to do there . 
Hmmmm ... 
It was next to impossible for me to realize king obama actually apologized for his lies . 
For him take this advice would make my head explode . 
Did Bill even think about who would then pay for this new healthcare system before he opened his mouth ? 
People wanting to keep their plans are undoubtedly the ones paying taxes ( thus obamacare ) to begin with . 
Democrats are scumbags when it comes to sticking their hands in other peoples pockets . 
Yet more proof that there is a god . 
Jokes on us.. ( I love that site ... ) 
Leno still sucks balls ! 
I honestly do not know if this article is for real ... no one is that stupid ... 
right ? 
? 
God was decided decades ago as ambiguous as to not pertain to a specific religion , of course if it was In Jesus Christ we trust , then you 'd have an argument . 
So in essence , Mr. Concern troll , get dunked 
This just in : pseudo scientists make claims using incomplete and insignificant data as proof- everyone believes them . 
Its like mythbusters . 
Lets use a half assed bastardized scientific process and not thoroughly test 
Well would we expect anything different from this administration that has been leading us down the crapper . 
Are the people going to do anything about it ? 
I think not , they have allowed all the bullshit to continue this long and they will allow it to continue on . 
In fact if anyone in this sub reddit surprised that these people we 're *allowed* to come into the country and all on the taxpayers backs . 
I think this is only the beginning . 
Start arming yourselves people . 
They would n't close the plants if an alternative source was n't in place and it appears they 're being replace by natural gas ... cheaper , more efficient , and cleaner . 
How is this with complaining about ? 
One plant closes , another opens with lower operational cost . 
Some jobs will be lost , but that happens when your business model fails to be competitive . 
Every time a liberal whines about their precious Obamacare , and angel gets its wings . 
I highly doubt that speech will do him in if he runs . 
Oh , for fuck 's sake . 
Does *everything* have to be about race with them ? 
Obama supporters will never read or acknowledge that list exists and instead will just chant Hope and Change . 
The music is n't bad . 
I like the jazz-funk style : http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=b5FgXUfA_Yo 
The straight jacket . 
Implying President Obama should be in a straight jacket is an insult to psych patients everywhere . 
I would n't be surprised if the Park service tried to claim 'eminent domain ' next . 
What about private schools ? 
Public school teachers are nice and I think they mean well , but unfortunately political messages are told to the students . 
Knowing what I do about what happened to Stevens , his death reads like a blood sacrifice . 
I feel strange reporting this reading of the attack , especially in light of the issues we 've had in this sub recently . 
I 'm wondering if anyone else would like to discuss this thread further . 
But because of our enormous budget deficits , that is only 57 % of [ outlays ] ( http : //www . 
cbo . 
gov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/attachments/44173-APB_0 . 
pdf ) . 
That just makes the whole situation even more atrocious . 
We are borrowing huge sums of money in order to redistribute it . 
Did he cut a large circular mouth hole ? 
Um , not exactly 
& gt ; But the guts of your question – even without all the name-calling and acrimony – reveal the essence of what 's broken in our country . 
You want to know `` how I can associate '' with someone you don’t like ? 
The short answer is , how can I not ? 
How are we ever going to accomplish anything in this incredibly divisive time if we associate only with people that we don’t disagree with ? 
Wow . 
At first I was really impressed with this quote , but now I 'm ashamed to live in a time where this needs to be said . 
Can our society , so focused on equality , be headed for a time that we shun people for having different ideas than us ? 
Great idea on the talkathon Cruz . 
Really made the republicans look like the sane ones . 
I 'm gon na go with the polar bears died and that made the water colder . 
Work , ai n't nobody got time for dat ! 
Amazing how they made sure all this would go in effect right *after* the election 
[ New Definitions ] ( http : //i . 
imgur . 
com/YkJnlF0 . 
gif ) 
[ Kneel , my child ... ] ( http : //i . 
imgur . 
com/VPt2sxF . 
jpg ) 
Are you people serious ? 
This is the dumbest thing I have seen from any side . 
This is the same thing that was said about Medicare . 
Reagan referred to socialized medicine to stop Medicare . 
If someone can provide an article by the Post of some liberal professor calling for George Bush to get a third term , then I 'll take them seriously . 
But this is a nation of 300,000,000 people , and I refuse to believe that any one man is suited for presidency more than two terms . 
I 'd be more than thrilled for one year terms , with no reelection . 
The power is too great to hold for any extended length of time . 
What difference at this point does it make ! 
? 
Did you sign up for Obamacare A . 
Yesterday ? 
B . 
Today ? 
What a condescending , pretentious little brat . 
I am neither old nor white , but I think there 's plenty of room in the Republican Party for values-voters who are firm in their convictions and believe that an age-old , hallowed vestige that has survived for over a millenia - and is , as Pat Buchanan would have it , the cinderblock of every good civilization - should not be reconstructed or demolished without so much as the batting of an eyelash . 
For every Jon Stewart-worshipping , dope-smoking millenial we mesmerize with our modernistic , reinvented , `` new and improved '' charms , we lose a folksy , tradition-revering , flag-waving Hank Hill or Charlie church-going , evangelical Christian . 
Is this shallow-minded , shortsighted , moral degenerate really going to allow the Cultural Marxists , who have already been permitted to hijack every major institution in sight , to frame the debate for us , rather than fight in the trenches for the divinely ordained , sacrosanct moral order that holds society together ? 
There 's a reason heteronormative marriage has withstood the test of time : dual gender parenting - a mom and a dad - provides a balanced , `` best of both worlds '' approach to the upbringing of our youth . 
It sows the seeds and lays the groundwork for ordered liberty , civil government , and moral restraints on the insatiable appetite for avarice and sin . 
It is where division of labor , separation of responsibilities , disciplinary action against unruly behavior , unwritten codes of conduct , a rugged work ethic , self-sufficiency , and self-governance originate . 
It is a sanctimonious and wholly organic institution . 
Men and women , though it is not some unwavering biological imperative in all cases , are genetically and biologically different - mothers typically being more nurturing , empathetic , and emotionally in-tune , and fathers typically being more stringent - stressing achievement , discipline , and hard work above all else . 
Fathers are generally more geared toward what 's rational and this-worldly , mothers toward what 's spiritual and transcendent . 
Most people who favor traditional marriage do not do so out of a deep-seated animus for those who deviate from the natural order : the Westboro Baptist Church and its devotees are but microbacteria in a petri dish . 
They do n't even claim the conservative mantle , in any case . 
They are not our titular spokesman , nor do they represent us . 
Religious and conservative leaders of yore have , for the most part , affirmed for themselves that marriage is between a man and a woman : Ronald Reagan , Pope John Paul II , G. K. Chesterton , and C. S. Lewis . 
We need n't wilt or capitulate before the mob : Biblical truths and inviolable institutions are forever - much more important than elections , ambitions of power , prestige , or social acceptance . 
Another thing.. just to add.. when a white person says something conservative or profound it 's tossed to the side and called racist , but if you put a black person 's picture above it , or say Morgan Freeman said it or whatever , it blows up my news feed as the greatest thing ever said . 
Matthews must mistakenly think that if O'Reilly died he would get a share of the viewership . 
Politics : the dirtiest job of them all ! 
I wonder if Obamacare covers whatever it is that Carney 's smoking ? 
The left 's irrational hatred of Walmart is comical to me . 
Sadly his congressional district will keep putting him in office until they nail the box shut . 
MLK Day should be renamed Civil Rights Day . 
Stick with it 'till the end . 
I 've always appreciated Jonah Goldberg 's writing , but he really lets loose on the last page . 
That 's going to leave a mark . 
Bill Maher is an anti-vaccine nut who thinks all guns should be confiscated and the second amendment repealed . 
My current plan was `` None '' . 
My total healthcare costs over the past five years were $ 190 . 
I visited a doctor twice for a sleeping problem . 
Two $ 95 visits . 
Paid cash . 
If I had insurance , the deductible being higher , those visits would n't get paid . 
My total costs *would* have been at least $ 9,190- $ 18,190 , depending on whether my employer pays half . 
I miss None . 
You want to know why Obama could n't give this speech ? 
He does n't believe in American Exceptionalism . 
That 's a good point . 
The shutdown did that enough already . 
so 93 million lose coverage so that the 45million who dont have coverage ... can maybe get it 
This is not a checklist . 
omg anne rand is so dumb i was really into her when i was 13 then i grew up /s 
How is it possible that this cocksucker is n't in prison yet ? 
All I can say is `` ha ha '' they should have read it first . 
When I read the article , I noticed that : 1 ) His *old* premiums were 1/2 his monthly take home pay . 
2 ) His new out of pocket expenses only increase to $ 26,000 if he *continues to use the doctor he is seeing now* . 
The article makes no mention of : 1 ) Why his current insurance company dropped him . 
( He was no longer profitable and they saw an opportunity to drop him and blame it on the ACA ? ) 
2 ) What his *new* premiums will be . 
( They would have mentioned them if they were going to be higher do n't you think ? ) 
3 ) What his out of pocket expenses would be if he used a doctor that is *in-network* to that new policy . 
( They would mention that too if it were going to be higher , do n't you think ? ) 
Who would say that ? 
Even if your point was we ca n't pick and choose what to fund , you ca n't fund a children 's hospital before some government workers that are going to get back pay anyway ? 
There 's a reason he 's the least liked Congressional leader . 
I 'm curious about this as well . 
That 's how I feel about the idiots in La Raza . 
Do n't come here if you want to turn us into the shithole you just left . 
`` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' How is this not clear . 
It is the opening line of the first amendment . 
If I am a practicing Buddhist , why should my kids have to look at a sign supporting Christianity all day . 
& gt ; I know you 're terrified that your little experiment is dying You keep telling yourself that if it helps you sleep at night . 
& gt ; “What about Somali or Hispanic students , who might not eat sandwiches ? 
” Gutierrez asked . 
They are called tortas in Mexico genius . 
& gt ; Interestingly , while voters are more critical of the Tea Party , they continue to identify with the movement’s smaller government/lower taxes message . 
[ 52 % Worry Government Wo n't Do Enough for Economy ; 62 % Want Cuts ] ( http : //www . 
rasmussenreports . 
com/public_content/politics/general_politics/october_2013/52_worry_government_won_t_do_enough_for_economy_62_want_cuts ) 
Reporting another black-on-black murder does n't help the liberal media agenda . 
White guilt does . 
I wish Governor Jindal was a better candidate . 
Smart , decent record , and a great personal story ; but he sounds like a ninth-grade shop teacher half the time . 
That state of the union response speech in 2009 was a damned catastrophe . 
Because MSNBC ... 
I 'm going to self censor myself about what I really think about Trayvon 's mama and just say that entire case centered on the agenda of Liberals . 
I did n't think I could be pushed any farther away from Democrats or liberals up until that point , now I despise them . 
As a Libertarian , I do n't like the free pass that this post implicitly gives to Reagan and GWB . 
When measuring the percent increase in the national debt , the Reagan and GWB administrations ' stewardship of the debt was unconscionable . 
The debt was $ 1 . 
142 trillion on the date of Reagan 's first budget ( beginning of Fiscal Year 1982 ) , and it was $ 2 . 
857 trillion at the end of his last budget , for a percent increase of 150 % . 
For GWB , $ 6 . 
228 at the start and $ 13 . 
562 at the end , for a percent increase of 118 % . 
As for Obama , $ 13 . 
562 at the start and $ 17 . 
204 currently , for a percent increase of 27 % ( but he is only responsible for 4 fiscal years so far ) . 
[ Source ] ( http : //useconomy . 
about . 
com/od/usdebtanddeficit/a/National-Debt-by-Year . 
htm ) Dick Cheney told Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill , [ `` You know , Paul , Reagan proved that deficits do n't matter . 
We won the mid-term elections , this is our due . 
`` ] ( https : //en . 
wikiquote . 
org/wiki/Dick_Cheney # On_the_economy ) . 
Bottom line , pointing fingers about the debt is a losing argument for Republicans . 
The best thing to do would be to stop talking about it , sweep it under the rug , and make sure it never happens again . 
I mean , can you imagine if Obama was on track to increase the debt to $ 33 . 
905 trillion ? ! 
That 's what it would take to be the equivalent of what happened under Reagan . 
I disapprove of just about everything Obama and the Democrats are doing these days , but accuracy is important . 
Blaming Obama is a losing argument when it comes to the debt . 
[ deleted ] 
That 's hilarious . 
I wish more people understood the specifics of the ACA that created the situation that this woman finds herself in . 
I feel really bad for her . 
The two biggest victims of the ACA are the people who can no longer afford their private insurance because of the minimum standards : 1. who make too little to qualify for the exchange subsidy , and have to go on Medicaid . 
2. who make just enough that they do n't qualify for the exchange subsidy . 
This asshole is going to be responsible for the deaths of millions of Americans . 
It 's funny that you discount this guy 's opinion because of his bias but fully accept the completely biased IPCC report . 
you got it the wrong way around . 
Every single poll has stated that people think GOP is the problem . 
Guess we will find out for sure when Hillary is elected amiright ? 
A chuckle-worthy irony . 
Both sides only posted a partial deal . 
Here is the full , official deal : http : //www . 
lobelog . 
com/official-4-page-iran-nuclear-deal-joint-plan-of-action/ 
This is really no surprise . 
All it takes is an awareness deliberate public manipulation is prevalent , and concerted . 
Another recent article about wikipedia : http : //www . 
independent . 
co. uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/wikipedia-we-have-blocked-250-sock-puppets-for-biased-editing-of-our-pages-8895112 . 
html 
My family would shut this crap *down* immediately . 
We get together for a fabulous meal , not this sad-childhood baloney . 
Mike Rowe sounds like a great role model . 
I loved his show . 
Conservatives and liberals should listen to his message . 
Up next , Obama shuts down all sidewalks in the nation due to no budget . 
Sadly , they already have . 
The public schools and colleges are simply indoctrination centers for the liberal agenda controlled by socialist teachers unions . 
When I was in first grade , my parents bought me nice , Crayola-brand markers for class . 
The first day of school , the teacher took them from me and gave me back cheap RoseArt/Store Brand markers , with one or two of my original Crayola markers . 
That was the first lesson in socialism . 
Some students had better supplies than others , and that was unfair . 
This practice is done in most public schools , ask any parent . 
Imagine if it was a man his age going after 17 year old girls with substance abuse problems . 
I really do n't think this qualifies as being dicks . 
This is intelligently making a point . 
This turns the tables of the actions and beliefs of the common democratic liberal on a much smaller , understandable scale , such in a way that is familiar , realistic , and easy for anyone to relate to . 
Even if they do n't like that its the truth . 
Any idea what became of the horrified liberal ? 
This hurt my mental spellchecker . 
On a serious note , where are schools open for Veterans ' day ? 
Yes , many of us are aware of the liberal media 's double standard and pc politics . 
Those that are n't aware will forever remain stupid and by default , Liberal . 
oh and please do n't correct my post of the improper use of capitalization because [ that be racist ! 
] ( http : //dailycaller . 
com/2013/11/26/prof-corrects-minority-students-capitalization-is-accused-of-racism/ ) 
[ deleted ] 
It 's unbelievable this is how government is supposed to work . 
We compromise to pass laws and make things happen , the same goes for any negotiation in government . 
This guy is a mini King George . 
It 's always good to see a lying president council another lying president on how to/not to lie . 
She must have taken the Parsing Graduate Course from Bill Clinton . 
It 's mind-boggling that it 's that high . 
I 'm sorry , but does anyone actually believe that the Slate article is meant to be taken seriously ? 
If so , there 's some hard-hitting journalism over at The Onion that 's sure to catch your interest , too . 
The administration will claim victory and say the website is working fine for everyone on the 1st . 
It will be up to the media ( haha ) , social media , etc . 
to hold them accountable . 
I do n't think it was mocking Obamacare , it was mocking everyone else . 
Have you ever noticed that when SNL did skits with George Bush , Bush was the joke , but when they do skits with Obama , everyone else is the joke and Obama is level-headed ? 
Kinda ironic considering Obama 's support of unions . 
Typical liberal 
I do n't want this to be downvoted to oblivion . 
I 'm being genuine here and trying to start a discussion . 
Why is a deficit/debt a bad thing ? 
`` If I like your plan , you can keep your plan . 
Period. `` 
Like one of those edugames ? 
Sounds good really . 
The government is not a charity . 
if he has a gun against an innocent persons head , he deserved to be shot . 
yes he might be troubled , he might have a rough past , he might have just fallen in with the wrong crowd . 
But in the end he is the one who decided to pull the gun on somebody , it is his responsibility he has NOBODY else to blame but his own self . 
I believe in forgiveness and second chances and I hope this young man turns his life around , but he has nobody but himself to blame for where he is . 
Awesome letter . 
This would easily go 3000+ upvotes outside of this sub . 
huh . 
A democrat made a comment trivializing Rape and it 's not all over the news ? 
If it was a Republican it 'd be the top story on CNN and MSNBC right now . 
In other news , Democrats want *everybody* to be owned by the State . 
So when they went to private ownership , they just magically developed over night a deep knowledge of crops , animals , environment , and farming techniques ? 
This message needs to get out more . 
As it sits , the propaganda of the lamestream media has been successfully painting the right as `` angry white people '' as opposed to the `` soccer moms '' of the left . 
What in the howdy fuck is this . 
Another related article . 
http : //investigations . 
nbcnews . 
com/_news/2013/10/28/21213547-obama-admin-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance ? 
lite 
The percentage you raised debt in absolute terms is meaningless and misleading . 
It 's easy to see why this fails if you replace `` debt '' with `` income '' . 
Imagine Reagan 's gets a huge 118 % raise going from $ 11,420/yr to $ 28,570/yr , while Obama 's only gets a meager 27 % raise going from $ 135,620/yr to $ 172,040/yr . 
If Obama was as good as Reagan and got a 118 % raise he would be making $ 339,050/yr . 
Comparing spending or debt to GDP is more legitimate . 
As a percentage of GDP , Obama is spending more than Reagan . 
As a percentage of GDP , debt increased by about 20 % under 8 years of Reagan . 
Under Obama has already exceeded that . 
See graphs below : [ Spending to GDP percentage ] ( http : //www . 
usgovernmentspending . 
com/spending_chart_1792_2014USp_15s1li011lcn_F0f ) Also , notice before FDR and the new deal , federal spending was about 2 . 
5 % GDP except during wars . 
Since WW2 is has averaged about 20 % . 
[ ~~Spending to Debt~~ Debt to GDP percentage ] ( http : //www . 
usgovernmentdebt . 
us/spending_chart_1792_2016USp_15s1li011lcn_H0f_Accumulated_Gross_Federal_Debt ) Also , Reagan was working with a Democrat controlled House , so the situation was basically reversed of what it is today with regard to spending . 
Finally , saying that because Republicans have increased debt they ca n't criticize Democrats for doing it is wrong and dangerous thinking . 
The parties change every year as values change and politicians get replaced . 
TIL- Pravda does n't know what defines a communist . 
( Though in the old days , a communist was whatever the party said it was ) 
Funny how the private sector and the wealthy are literally the goose that lays the golden egg ... . the source of revenue for all the wonderful social programs that the Left deems so indispensable for a humane society ... .. AND YET , the Left seems utterly impervious , if not downright hostile , to the health and well-being of said goose . 
I 've said it before and I 'll say it again : The most effective social program ever devised is a paying job in the private sector . 
It costs tax-payers nothing ... . and it produces tax revenue for gov't . 
Private enterprise has lifted literally hundreds of millions of Chinese and Indians out of poverty just in the last 25 years . 
Think what it could do in America if it were n't drowning in tax and regulatory over-kill . 
With both sides assuming that the other is too ignorant to understand anything that is happening in the world there’s no potential for constructive discourse . 
People who complain about biased media are forgetting that this is one of its hallmarks , and allowing yourself to get caught up in this is what drives their ratings . 
If you know your shit either run for office or support a candidate who does . 
The shutdown is n't keeping them from going bankrupt . 
That will happen around Oct 17th at current spending . 
I think you mean people that they will be hiring in a few years . 
I 'm not sure what 's worse , the policies that have kept the economy stifled for so long , or the unwavering support of those policies by those who are being hurt the most by them . 
From the article : & gt ; While there is a possibility that this administrator would have similarly overreacted had the employee worn a George W. Bush mask ... Bwaaaaaah ha ha haaaaah ha ha hee ho ho ooooh . 
Whew . 
Good one . 
What I want to know , what has he down that 37 % of people approve of ? 
I posted about this too . 
Here are my thoughts : It 's being portrayed as some sort of gaff by Rand Paul , but I do n't think that 's what happened at all . 
McConnell straight up tells Paul that he 's wired up , so I think that everything Rand Paul says was meant to be heard . 
What do you guys think ? 
Am I giving them too much benefit of the doubt ? 
Does it sound like they 're ready to cave , or do you think they 're speaking of pulling back to a delay of the individual mandate from the starting point of defunding ? 
& gt ; losing there healthcare ... \** [ twitch ] ( http : //www . 
reactiongifs . 
com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/eye-twitch . 
gif ) *\* 
Im always shocked that people care about this ( of all things ) during every Christmas season . 
What a checkout person says to me has absolutely zero to do with how jolly my Christmas is and it makes me wonder about those for whom its an issue edit : grammar 
Allen West rails on Obama , CNN Drops Morgan , and the Goverment Shutdown . 
This is a great week ! 
Im pretty sure that no one takes that guy seriously 
I understand their strategy . 
A painful government shutdown puts a ton of pressure on Boehner . 
If it is made less painful , then Boehner could keep the stalemate up even longer . 
Schools where I live ( Alabama ) let out . 
Hell , even my college let out . 
As a conservative : Morality and economics do n't and should n't mix ... 
`` What we 're also discovering is that insurance is complicated to buy. `` 
-- Obama 2013 ... . reminds me of ... .. '' Shovel-ready was not as shovel-ready as we expected ... `` -- Obama 2011 This is why many of us railed against him from the beginning - he was , and remains , completely out of his league from a basic knowledge and experience perspective . 
He is not bright enough , not experienced enough , not intelligent enough and certainly not humble enough to understand and **respect** what he and his cohorts do not know . 
The administration as a whole acts like the classic first-year grad students who have this sudden epiphany about the utter simplicity of a solution to a long-standing problem that many others have attempted , and failed , to fix . 
But it turns out that grad student , more often than not , simply does n't have enough experience and/or understanding of the true nature of the problem to even begin to propose a solution , and concludes with nothing but a mess on the whiteboard . 
I find , as a conservative by nature , that I tend to hold back on broad promises , boastful solutions , and glamorous statements about fixing things until I have had time to sit and brood and analyze and assess and seek guidance and input from others . 
That has served me well in not looking like an asshole . 
Obama might want to try that some time . 
A CEO ? 
One CEO ? 
Who ? 
No surprise , extreme hypocrisy is the hallmark of the political left . 
& gt ; or he knows it was a huge lie which means he 's a complete piece of shit . 
I 'm gon na go with this . 
For what ? 
Adjusted for inflation ? 
The health deductible tripled due to ability of health insurers to now charge 3x more for skin bronzers -- ziiiiinggggg , see what I did there 
A press release right before a long holiday . 
Surely this is n't an attempt to bury such big change in policy . 
the best comment is the out of place `` 9/11was an inside job '' 
People who do n't understand this are idiots . 
You ca n't claim your product can diagnosis , cure , mitigation , treatment , or prevention of disease unless it has been proven in clinical trials and approved for said use by the FDA . 
If you go through said process then your product is legally a drug and you can claim it does the things it is approved to treat . 
If you are n't willing to go through this process then you are making bullshit claims and you need to hire a marketing team that does n't have it 's head up its own rear . 
$ 780 in food stamps ( plus WIC ) ! 
That 's some lavish dining ! 
Now who is going to have the balls to ask the WH about it ? 
? 
Well if we did it to them , we woul be in trouble ... 
SO LET 'S STIR UP SHIT ! 
`` the environment '' ... another strawman 
& gt ; '' After totaling the electoral votes in all the solid blue states , it becomes apparent that even a below average Democrat presidential candidate could begin the race with a whopping 246 advantage , '' the author said . 
`` No wonder President ( Barack ) Obama was so confident of victory in 2012 for he knew the game was practically over before it began. `` 
If this is widely known , should we not conclude that any pollster who predicted a Romney landslide must have been quite ill-informed and perhaps even criminally incompetent ? 
What they said last time . 
This guy just trolled the hell out of Houston . 
Good job sir . 
hahaha thats good 
For conservatives , Mike Malloy is the Michael Savage of the left . 
He takes no prisoners and makes no compromises with conservatives . 
Michael Savage is just as bad as Malloy . 
[ deleted ] 
Putin deserves it FAR more than Comrade Oblowme ... 
Damn ... That kid can write ! 
I just did the opposite . 
I had originally moved from NY to AZ for a job straight out of college . 
Boy , did I hate AZ . 
Awful weather , devoid of interesting culture , and a skeleton of a downtown metro area . 
After about two years I gladly moved to CO , increasing my cost of living . 
I 'd much rather pay more to live somewhere if it 's more worthwhile to me . 
Youth uninformed about politics ? 
Since when ? 
! 
`` You can only ride our backs for so long before we’re going to tell you enough is enough. `` 
Facepalm . 
I do n't get it , all democrats think at their core like a republican , but being democrat is too hip and cool they just ca n't see through it . 
Love that guy 
Hey man , I 'm sure you just missed the memo , but `` capitalism '' is now defined as the government telling us we have to buy something and then narrowing the definition further , by telling us we do n't know what we want and they need to show us . 
I mean if Obama can win one ... 
At first I thought you meant the shape of the highlights . 
For more information about an Article V Convention of States , visit /r/ConventionOfStates 
CBS . 
Enough said . 
[ deleted ] 
I really do n't get his thinking with this . 
He either thought this was actually true , which means he 's an utter moron , or he knows it was a huge lie which means he 's a complete piece of shit . 
Either way he looks bad eventually for saying this once the truth comes out so I 'm not sure what his end game was here . 
Yes I would . 
Yeah , that 5 million number seemed wrong . 
CA has about 7 million uninsured , so 5 million would be a crazy portion for the first day . 
The guy says that he misinterpreted when someone else told him 5 million . 
I 'm guessing someone told him 5 million page views and he did n't know the difference between page views and unique visitors . 
Outstanding article . 
I do n't know enough about climatology to confirm nor deny . 
That being said , I know I do n't like pollution . 
That should fire up them liberals . 
Possibly allow many people , who never see pro-conservative ads due to mainstream media , see things in a new light . 
Ronald Reagon is the man ! 
[ deleted ] 
Pretty misleading . 
During normal government operation a priest , rabbi , imam etc that is not a contracted employee is not allowed on military bases to hold religious ceremonies . 
Same rules apply here . 
During the shutdown they if they are furloughed they are not employees , so they have to follow the same rules as everyone else . 
They are also not allowed to operate as volunteers under 31 USC § 1342 ( The Antideficiency Act ) . 
There are a lot projects like this to push various agendas on Wikipedia . 
Some of them Conservative others Liberal . 
What the flying fuck . 
Imagine if a video like this but with pledges towards George W. Bush was shown back when he was in office ; there may just be a riot and people demanding the person who made the video to step down ! 
You do n't say ? 
The website being broken is n't even the biggest problem . 
The biggest problem is that *the law is fundamentally flawed* . 
Even if the website was working properly , people would still be getting their hours cut at work and kicked off their existing plans . 
This is only the beginning of the shit show . 
We have n't even entered the second act yet . 
I dont know if I am happy for being on the side that was right , or sad because the rest of America is oblivious to the truth ? 
[ deleted ] 
Great article . 
Does n't matter if the writer was black or not , everything he said was accurate . 
`` Money does grow off trees , right ? `` 
-Liberal 
Ca n't dispute any of it . 
Is this censorship ? 
No . 
Cowardice ? 
Yes . 
Pathetic ? 
Yes . 
Indicative of a worthless group of shills ? 
Yes . 
Censorship , though ? 
Not so much . 
It 's a novel way to `` balance your budget '' . 
Appropriate for spending and then just not pay the bill . 
Lets start with mandatory drug testing . 
That will inspire some people like this gal to get a job so they can buy drugs with no penalty . 
This is pretty much exactly how a lot of liberals feel , and you wo n't find very many conservatives in America who agree with your viewpoint . 
Obama has stated ( before he was President ) that he would love to have a single payer system . 
What you describe is Obama 's ideal solution for healthcare . 
He did n't bother trying for single payer because he knew it would most likely die . 
There 's also an argument to be made that having single payer out of nowhere would be too drastic . 
The ACA acts as sort of a transition phase to smooth things out . 
I like how the second poll does n't give an option to blame congressional Democrats . 
Do you really think they owned anyone ? 
Someone was having a bakesale and other people went full retard . 
Tell that to the executive branch , who have violated established law by continually making alterations and exempting people from it . 
Yep this sure is a Republican Shutdown /sarcasm off 
Pity they got rid of the rainbow graph of institutionalized fearmongering . 
Obama could probably benefit from bumping it up to orange or magenta or whatever . 
Must be a `` racist '' too . 
/sarc 
When scientists make models predicting warming and basically every single model is wrong , how can you say you are more certain warming is caused by humans . 
Regardless of whether the warming is actually caused by humans , if your models are wrong , how are you more certain ? 
& gt ; Our focus school and our Superintendent’s mandate that we improve education for students of color Then teach them what a damn sandwich is ! 
Ok , what is this `` Common Core '' thing and why is it called Common Core and why is it all you hear when talking about education recently . 
I 've never heard of it before lately . 
Conservative viewpoints should be a natural response to a country with financial problems , like we have now . 
Unfortunately , the current crop of republicans in office very often look like ignorant bible thumpers ( not saying there are n't exceptions , but this is how the republican party is often preceived ) , which scares the hell out of a lot of people , especially the younger ones like myself . 
Yep . 
He just lost . 
Did he really just respond to `` Hey we can help kids with cancer '' by saying `` look I have people at nellis sitting at home '' ? 
And what is stuck in his throat ? 
Jesus turn your head from the mic before coughing up a lung . 
Anyway , I thought Obama 's schtick was that he is a pragmatic , not an absolutist leader . 
The conditions you find yourself in are that the government is shut down . 
You have the option of at least working with Republicans to get the NiH going again . 
Why not do it ? 
You worked with Republicans to keep the military funded , why ca n't you do the same for the NiH ? 
And please oh please stop with the `` enough is enough '' and `` talk about reckless '' and so on . 
Such statements add zero value and inhibit cooperation . 
They are prepping her for the next election . 
A few days ago something was posted regarding her husband , Bill Clinton , saying that people should be able to keep their plan if they want to . 
Now I think that this is a clear tactic used to try and separate Hillary from the Obama administration without them saying she is against them . 
Now the trick is that she is not really against him , rather , she is being the typical dem and abandoning ship to benefit herself . 
Im calling it right now , there will be a rather subtle divide between her and the Obama admin . 
His declining approval rating is cancerous to her campaign and she is going to start making distance . 
IMO , this website debacle is a distraction . 
Eventually , the site will be fixed and we will all be forced to do business with an insurance company ( of all types of companies , these are my least favorite to deal with ) . 
I needed a good laugh today . 
Thank you . 
Typical liberal race baiting . 
Sad , sad times we live in . 
I 've been called a racist just because I do n't agree with what Obama is doing . 
I do n't care if he is black , white , orange or any color that the human eye can see . 
Heheheheheheheh 
You can see more Pat on [ The McLaughlin Group 's Youtube Channel ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/user/mclaughlingroup ) The most recent episode will be posted tomorrow afternoon . 
I said it when he was elected the first time : Barack Obama will be remembered ( eventually ) as the worst President in American history . 
Its almost as if there is a concerted disinformation campaign trying to confuse people about Obamacare . 
who ? 
the democrats ? 
NO WAY ! 
The Nobel Peace Prize winning MESSiah would never do such a thing ! 
I like this video but not as much as the one where he promises to end wire tapping . 
Although the one about closing gitmo asap was good too . 
It ties for my other favorite which is where he claimed Libya was caused by a video . 
But you cant forget about his bailouts those videos are always worth a watch after all he kept Detroit running . 
You can not mention favorite videos tho without talking about his absolute disgust of raising the debt limit while a part time congress person . 
It does nothing to assist the political discourse of this nation to characterize democrats as the `` enemy. `` 
My friend and I are going to attend a rodeo with one of us wearing an Obama mask and one of us wearing a t-shirt pointing saying `` I 'm with stupid '' . 
& gt ; As the only socially transformational legislation in modern American history to be enacted on a straight party-line vote , Obamacare is wholly owned by the Democrats . 
Its unraveling would catastrophically undermine their underlying ideology of ever-expansive central government providing cradle-to-grave care for an ever-grateful citizenry . 
& gt ; For four years , this debate has been theoretical . 
Now it’s real . 
And for Democrats , it’s a disaster . 
& gt ; This is the signature legislative achievement of the Obama presidency , the embodiment of his new entitlement-state liberalism . 
If Obamacare goes down , there will be little left of its underlying ideology . 
& gt ; Perhaps it won’t go down . 
Perhaps the Web portal hums beautifully on Nov. 30 . 
Perhaps they’ll find a way to restore the canceled policies without wrecking the financial underpinning of the exchanges . 
& gt ; Perhaps . 
The more likely scenario , however , is that Obamacare does fail . 
It either fails politically , renounced by a wide consensus that includes a growing number of Democrats , or it succumbs to the financial complications ( the insurance “death spiral” ) of the very amendments desperately tacked on to save it . 
& gt ; If it does fail , the effect will be historic . 
Obamacare will take down with it more than Mary Landrieu and Co. ***It will discredit Obama’s new liberalism for years to come . 
*** 
If this even gets to 100k , you know that some whitehouse aid will respond with bullcrap about surveillance and security and the administration 's supposed stance on the NSA revelations . 
And of course , oh yeah the book report ; education is good . 
Welcome to /r/libertarian , Glenn Beck . 
Honestly , having people like Warren and Sanders in the US Senate makes me wonder what the hell we fought the Cold War for . 
What was the point of spending 50 years , untold lives and trillions of Dollars to defeat communism abroad if we were going to end up electing it at home afterwards ? 
“Conservatives don’t think of their leaders as ‘messiahs’ ( or mythical knights in the fictional kingdom of Camelot ) and thus , poking fun at them is not sacrilegious , ” he said . 
“To the modern liberal who looks to their leaders the way small children look to their parents , making fun of Obama is simply beyond them . 
” -Evan Sayet 
Liberals truly believe the ends justify the means . 
& gt ; They could pass one this very minute if Mr. Boehner would bring the clean Senate bill to a vote . 
If Boehner brought a clean CR today , a large percentage of republicans would vote for it , he ca n't bring it right now . 
You do n't expect him to remember what he dictates from the Teleprompter feed , do you ? 
The perimeters around this relaunching were kept incredibly vague so the administration would be able to call any outcome a success . 
A true left wing group only a mother could love 
DUDE . 
Can you imagine if all the media outlets followed suite ? 
I would be SO happy . 
This Massachusetts liberal did so much harm to the Conservative cause it is n't even funny . 
He single-handedly allowed Obama and the socialist party to move the Overton window so far left that real conservatism is n't even recognizable in the public discourse . 
Our only hope is the grassroots support of real , conservative , American Patriots like Ted Cruz to pull our country back to sanity . 
`` President 's words ~~have lost all~~ *never* had any meaning. `` 
FTFY 
Mainstream America wants Ed Schultz to have a heat attack on camera . 
it 's a college bake sale , let 's be fair now . 
asians would pay 2 . 
50 
Liberals : `` We ran a black guy so we ca n't be racist ! `` 
Tea Party : `` We ran a guy with a 9-9-9 tax plan that will help the economy ! 
He also has great business experience ! `` 
Media : The Tea Party functions solely around racist issues . 
Why the hell are you being downvoted ? 
This is true , we can laugh now at this website but eventually it will get fixed , and we 're going right back to the original problem of being fucked by obamacare . 
Obama , the Presidential train wreck . 
I had no idea we had this problem with Barack until I read the same reddit article that you did . 
/r/nottheonion 
does he think that maybe a good president would have worked to change the bill to make it more acceptable to both sides ? 
that way he would n't have to lie about it . 
do n't hate the player , hate the game ? 
because Obama is thin skinned 
No he just has a brain . 
That escalated quickly . 
[ This table was posted . 
] ( http : //www . 
reddit . 
com/r/Conservative/comments/1rlvxk/remember_if_a_mother_wants_to_murder_her_unborn/cdot0ff ) 
Do people not understand how currency and buying power works ? 
For fuck 's sake ! 
Very creepy . 
Teachers should get fired for this inane idea . 
Politics has no place in the classroom . 
Very jingoistic . 
Dollar figure , not % of GDP . 
So long as inflation keeps occurring , the deficit is going to trend upwards . 
Still , they are among the largest deficits as a percent of GDP as well , outside of WW1 and WW2 . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
! 
They 're piggybacking off the U. S. in 2 ways that make their system work . 
1 . 
They rely on the U. S. to provide their defense for them , freeing up resources to pay for their social programs . 
Were those countries required to provide adequate defense for themselves , you 'd see quite a few of their social programs be thrown over the side . 
2 . 
The U. S. creates and invents the vast majority of new drugs , treatments and medical devices the rest of the world uses . 
I. am . 
mad . 
Conservatives said this would be what would happen . 
Obama said everybody who wants to keep their insurance can keep their insurance . 
Conservatives said that would be impossible . 
King Barry and his minions called the Conservatives liars . 
He said over and over that everyone who wanted to keep his own health insurance plan could . 
Well , this article from the conservative outlet CBS , Not only says That millions are going to be forced to give up I hope insurance plan they want to keep , But that King Barry and his administration has known that since 2009 . 
Stinking M. A. D . 
You mean like when his union buddies go on strike ? 
`` From Wall Street to K Street to Pennsylvania Avenue , we find special interests increasingly exempted and insulated – by law - from the rigors of competition and the consequences of their own mistakes , '' Lee said . 
`` All of this points to what really is an inequality crisis in America today – a crisis not of unequal wealth or income… but unequal opportunity . 
Progressives , from the president on down , say that inequality in America today is a failure of the free market , resulting from insufficient government intervention . 
But if you look closely , you start to notice , the opposite is true. `` 
Good stuff there . 
`` Remember , these days , liberals can see racism in a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. `` 
Now THATS funny . 
right ? 
George Bush did that for you ! 
Now if only he 'd address his personal issues of pederasty . 
I have a cousin working in Japan and she recently explained what she went through to register in their single-payer system . 
It is very simple and very efficient . 
I thought he had gone down to [ 37 % ] ( http : //www . 
newsmax . 
com/Newsfront/public-blames-obama-gop/2013/10/09/id/530025 ) . 
If I had a ton of money I 'd turn this into a commercial and have it run in prime time over and over and over 
What , now Dictator Obama can declare what is legal and what is n't , and legislation be damned ? 
Rather than saying `` Obama to allow '' , it should read `` Obama not willing to enforce the law , again '' . 
Secular `` humynist '' LOL ! 
I 'm not a Vietnam vet , but I am an Iraq vet and I got out at E-5 . 
I disagree with this letter strongly . 
Not that vets day should n't be a school holiday , but at going after MLK day . 
Really ? 
How petty is that ? 
I do draw the line at Memorial Day though . 
That is more important to me than Veterans Day . 
What 'tossoutaccountOHIO ' said . 
Note : [ Scientists ] ( http : //www . 
nasa . 
gov/mission_pages/Grace/news/grace20121129 . 
html ) [ not baffled ] ( http : //www . 
skepticalscience . 
com/antarctica-gaining-ice . 
htm ) . 
I think `` money in politics '' is not the whole problem , and is probably the minor portion of the problem . 
The problem , in my opinion , is that politics is a viable career choice in America right now . 
Rather than running to do the work of the people , politicians run to spend their lives in the Senate and enjoy all the power and prestige that comes with belonging to that club , then retire with a huge pension and ridiculous benefits . 
Governance should be a sacrificial act of public service . 
I 'm not necessarily saying it should be volunteer work , but I think congressional salaries should be **greatly** reduced , fringe benefits ( e. g. health care , retirement pensions , etc. ) 
should be **eliminated** and term limits should be implemented . 
D. C. needs to stop being Hollywood for ugly people and transform into a meeting place where folks who carry burdens for their communities and this nation come to create or *remove* laws to improve those communities and our nation as whole , and then they should return home to live in the cesspits or havens they created . 
Augusta National received pressure for years because they wanted a men only club . 
There was n't any restriction on who could play just who could be members and women could n't leave it alone . 
This needs to go viral . 
And they 've always been there and always will be , and Obamacare did n't change that . 
But there are no *government* death panels , which is what all the fear mongering was about prior to the passing of the bill . 
He 's nice because he 's canadian . 
Yeah because Obama is not at all a communist . 
He also has n't focused his entire life , including jobs , friends , mentors , `` religion '' and education exclusively around it . 
He is a just a regular , good old capitalism loving , American patriot . 
I 'm actually confused by the statement that this article makes saying that the `` stand-your-ground law '' had nothing to do with Trayvon Martin 's trial . 
Although I am aware that the defense did not explicitly claim that Zimmerman 's actions were legal under the stand your ground law , I was under the impression that he did n't have to . 
My understanding was that because of the law , George Zimmerman 's decision to pursue and confront Martin did not disqualify him from claiming self-defense . 
I had thought that without the law , Zimmerman 's decision to pursue and confront Martin would have prevented him from using a self-defense claim , because he had decided to put himself into a dangerous situation despite an opportunity to avoid conflict . 
Hmmm ... 3 hours , and no liberal response , yet ? 
Unusual . 
This is about how I read it . 
The author is saying `` [ some argue that if the past is any guide , ] white voters wo n't vote for a black candidate. `` 
Which was true until Obama . 
Not that most white voters were necessarily racist , they were just more predisposed to identifying with the white candidate . 
what a fraud 
But is he really going after MLK day or the fact that kids really should get off for Presidents day and Veterans Day ? 
Growing up my mother would let me stay home on presidents day every year if I wrote a paper on a president and gave it to my teacher . 
I love history so it was kinda fun to do as a kid and I learned a little something they would n't have taught me otherwise . 
Please give him something to keep him in the US , we dont need him back in the UK . 
If she has aides that update it for her , they could be on furlough . 
Where are those liberal concern trolls at now saying this is actually a Republican/conservative idea 
I 'm actually surprised NBC is running this story . 
If you are under 100 % of the federal poverty level you do not qualify for a subsidy . 
If your state did not expand medicaid you do not qualify for that . 
You are SOL . 
if you just look at the whole majority of Obama/Dem voters it is either youth voters with not a care in the world except for getting free shit and partying , or adults which tend to have loose morals , have done their fair share of drugs , and live in San Francisco . 
I personally know a person who voted for his bullshit based solely on the premise of him giving away free birth control . 
The new age on the rise in this nation is concerned more about the new iphone and kanye west 's baby then their own rights and healthcare . 
The way this nation is heading no wonder nations like China and India are taking our prosperity and economic growth , the west has become a place where people would rather fork out money to others to get their problems solved , instead of rolling up their sleeves and working , or at least trying . 
To give you a story , I had a Chinese roommate in school who was attending college here in the US . 
Now across the hall from us was a room with your normal college students , perhaps even smarter . 
Now he offered anybody who could do his physics homework $ 20 to complete it , and who took the challenge , yes my Chinese roommate ; who finished it in about 10 minutes . 
It just goes to show you the mentality shift in this nation , we would rather spend then care , whether that goes for health care , labor , goods , etc . 
Sorry about the rant , but if you think about the big picture it all ties into each other . 
Ca n't stand Obama . 
Agree with him here 100 % . 
I 'm guessing one of the aides had to pull him aside after this . 
`` Umm ... mister president ... . yeah ... . ummmm ... . `` 
Not sure if /r/conspiracy or /r/conservative 
I thought Mitt would have been a good president for this country at this time . 
But those predictions were n't all that remarkable . 
They were more likely inevitable outcomes . 
The fact that the media mocked him about it was the absolutely incredulous aspect of this . 
Their bias knows no bounds . 
They attacked him on his foreign policy tour even though the vast majority of the things he did and commented on were straight up facts or made sense . 
What we could argue is if Romney 's solutions would have actually averted these problems . 
At the very least we know he actually had solutions and knew there were problems , Obama had none . 
Do n't they need it the MOST ? 
I 'll speak as the Devil 's advocate here . 
The area where I live is predominantly Catholic and predominantly Conservative , so I will be speaking to Catholics here . 
The hate for the ACA is palpable here in the affluent Philly suburbs . 
Yet when I explain to these Catholics who are also opposed to abortion and gay marriage because of the Church 's teachings that Pope Francis in accordance with years of Catholic social justice teachings stated that healthcare is `` inalienable right '' and a `` moral responsibility '' of the gov't . 
So , I pose this question to you , how do conservatives go along with the Church 's stance ( assuming you 're Catholic ) that healthcare is an inalienable right and the responsibility of the government and yet still oppose the ACA ? 
And if you 're not Catholic , surely you realize that Jesus would 've helped out the least in our midst . 
I also do n't want to imply that religion should be the moral compass for us as Americans . 
Even if you 're an atheist or agnostic , protecting and providing for those who are less fortunate than us is something that we should be proud to do and actively encourage to ensure a successful society . 
Disclaimer : Nobody said the ACA was perfect . 
President Obama has never said that the ACA is perfect . 
I support delaying it a year to give the government the chance to work out the kinks in the system . 
It 's amusing to me when atheist try to convince me that paying taxes is what God meant by helping the poor . 
If they 're especially ignorant they will say something like `` Remember how Jesus said to Render unto Caesar ... ? `` 
Do n't forget the Democrat 's internal memos where they revealed their true justification for blocking Estrada : his ethnicity . 
As a hispanic conservative , he was on the fast track to the Supreme Court , and they could n't let the Republicans be the first to appoint a Hispanic judge . 
Completely immoral , but I guess that 's to be expected of the Democrats at this point . 
A sad day in conservative circles ; he made our job so easy . 
You do n't have to prepare a cogent argument when this moron is presenting the other side . 
How is he going to `` cut off our healthcare ? `` 
He could cut off the exchanges and make it slightly harder for us to find insurance . 
But there is no such thing as federal health insurance . 
The public option does not exist . 
That was the basically one-sided compromise that Democrats that netted them zero extra support from Republicans . 
But if I buy my insurance from a private company through the exchange , how exactly is Obama going to take that away from me ? 
I hope it does n't need food stamps.. 
So it 's the same policy toward illegal aliens . 
We 've always been a target , and with 2014 around the corner , this sub will be a destination for all of reddit 's troglodytic progressive asshats . 
It 's bad , approval among black Americans has fallen to a “staggering” 93 . 
6 % . 
Would you be having this problem if it were a conservative pres ? 
I think we are just going to see more republicans in general , Spanish , black , white , Asian , they all know that Obama is a fuck up . 
I now tell people that they 're making `` the wealthy '' pay for this . 
When they realize they 're footing the bill , I turn and say `` Congratulations ! 
You 're wealthy ! ! ! `` 
Washington , D. C. Surpasses New York , L. A. as Fastest Growing Region of Wealth http : //www . 
weeklystandard . 
com/blogs/washington-dc-surpasses-new-york-la-fastest-growing-region-wealth_767299 . 
html 7 of the 10 richest counties in D. C. http : //www . 
forbes . 
com/sites/tomvanriper/2013/04/25/americas-richest-counties/ 
And also , do people forget Bush already ? 
I know he had some terrible progressive policies in office but before he ran , he was definitely viewed as a strong conservative . 
He had that Texas mentality , southern draw , supported low taxes , strong on defense , etc . 
Even with the media constantly attacking him , he still won reelection . 
And do n't forget Reagan . 
Go look up his 2nd presidential numbers and see how many electoral votes he got . 
You 'll think its a typo . 
It surprises me that Republican congressmen use visual aids like this . 
It just seems to be contradicting their talking points essentially telling Obama to butt out and concentrate on foreign affairs , leaving domestic issues to Congress . 
But then they spend hours on the floor complaining about him negotiating with foreign leaders instead of acting as a liaison between Democrats and Republicans in Congress . 
I just wish Republicans would pick one or the other and run with it . 
*Edit for grammar 
So the ends justify the means ? 
There needs to be a baseline for those surveyed . 
I 'm sure the bulk of the 41 % are individuals that pay little to no attention to domestic affairs and policies . 
Asking if they approve of Obama 's handling of the health policy is the same as asking them if they like Obama . 
I am still trying to figure out the goal with this ad . 
Is it to persuade women to `` get between the covers '' with more strange men ? 
Is it to get men to see women as more wanting of casual encounters ? 
The `` got insurance '' seems secondary to the sexual motivations it points to . 
Cool , we can keep the governorship and take her congressional seat ! 
I have long been a supporter of voting for moderates because , well , the democrat option would have been worse . 
I 'll vote for the lesser of 2 evils . 
And I have been burned every single time . 
Too long have I ignored principle in favor of `` winning elections. `` 
And the mindset that , `` it 's all about winning elections , '' is why politicians are such shitty people . 
My vote is no longer given out to people with an R after their name . 
From now on , it must be earned . 
If that means losing elections , so be it . 
But if you ever want the republican party to get its act together , we need to throw out the progressives . 
Yeah , but guys , Politifact said this was half-true . 
You just do n't understand the nuance . 
Serious you guys . 
Ten years later and we are still at war and no safer than when we started . 
The NSA 's unprecedented overreach of authority was born of this administration . 
It does n't matter if he thought he was doing right at the time , he was wrong and we continue to pay the price for that . 
along the with the trend of universities doing outrageous things : I had to take a sexual harassment class for like 20 mins before the year . 
Everyone takes them and they 're a complete waste of time . 
Everyone purposefully answers them incorrectly just to fuck with them . 
But one question that really was messed up was this : `` If there is an accusation of sexual assault , the standard is that the person accused is A. ) 
more than likely guilty B. ) 
not likely to be guilty C. ) innocent until proven guilty . 
The correct answer was A ! ! 
Are you fucking kidding me ? ! 
In college , you are not innocent until proven guilty ; you are most likely guilty until proven innocent . 
What the hell ? ! 
I wrote to them and ripped them a new one and they had nothing . 
They tried to argue that `` most likely guilty , '' did not imply guilty until proven innocent . 
Umm what ? ! 
If I was in a jury and before hearing anything from a case , I said , `` yeah , he 's probably guilty , '' How in the fuck is that not implying guilt until proven innocent . 
Apparently , there 's a law that the standard for these incidents is such . 
this guy has to go . 
not only does he look like a turtle , he folds like a cheap suit . 
same with boehner , hatch , cornyn , mccain , graham ... 
Somebody thinks the `` affordable '' premiums will be going up again . 
His immortal words resonate wisely in these dark days of deceit and malevolence 
Agreed . 
Funny , we 're in the same category as Canada , western Europe , Australia , and Japan despite the constant comparisons to them . 
The appropriate response is for wikipedia to block write access from those schools and if the abuse occurs , to block read access from those same schools . 
But ... Sarah Palin has substance ? 
What exactly is your interpretation of Stand Your Ground ? 
I probably wont see you until after new years , so thats Christmas and new years , plural , im trying to say happy holidays to cover both . 
Sorry for starting a war on Christ 
I believe nothing the Obama regime tells me , I believe a lot of what the Iranian one does . 
[ **Iran threatens widespread retaliation against US and allies** ] ( http : //dailycaller . 
com/2013/09/10/iran-threatens-widespread-retaliation-against-u-s-and-allies/ # ixzz2lo2bVVso ) 
Honestly , I think there is another reason . 
Arrogance . 
Obama believes that he 's above all this and it 's just petty political games that the Republicans are playing . 
Remember , these are the people who think that Clinton 's impeachment was about a blowjob . 
There is no end to their self delusion . 
That 's a fancy way of saying he lied . 
Classy guy . 
oh my sides ! 
, it feels so good to give them a big `` I told you so dumbass '' , then again this is now the law and I am frightened . 
I usually do n't like listening to Limbaugh , but every now and then he articulates a point so perfectly . 
This is one of those times . 
yea , and some survived it . 
Took me awhile , but I see what you did there . 
I wonder what metrics he 's using ( the article does n't seem to mention them ) . 
If I had to guess , the *numbers* of strong conservatives probably have n't increased , but their *activity* has , and is having an effect on the middle 40 % of the country . 
Get used to it . 
You 'll eventually be waiting in lines for your rationed health care too . 
The difference is that Reagan actually had some fucking accomplishments . 
He was able to pull us out of the Carter recession and helped accelerate the end of the Cold War . 
& gt ; Stimson tracks liberal policy mood , but I have reversed his index in order to highlight the striking current level of conservatism . 
So it 's not more conservative , it 's less liberal . 
That makes quite a difference . 
& gt ; The Democratic National Committee has actually purchased the domain for YourRepublicanUncle . 
com stereotype much ? 
Obama was supporting known terrorist organizations and spent two weeks lying about the nature of a terrorist attack . 
Even *after* it was known the Administration was lying they continued with the lie until they could n't any more . 
Why Obama has n't been impeached over Benghazi , or a multitude of other equally serious scandals , is beyond me . 
MLK would be probably be ashamed of what happened to this country . 
The Boondocks did a pretty great satire exploring that point . 
The problem is , people who advocate for civil rights are not advocating for all of them , just for themselves , or whoever they are guilted into advocating for . 
Everyone always assumes that the civil rights only worth fighting for include : * women * LGBT * illegal immigrants * blacks But neglect things like : * gun ownership * right to privacy * freedom of religion ( across the board , from catholics to muslims to norse , and everything in between ) As if they forget that those are civil rights as well , and are being tarnished/diminished . 
About . 
Fucking . 
Time . 
[ deleted ] 
Ca n't argue with that logic 
My mother-in-law watches way to much cable TV , and loves MSNBC and any documentary that talks about how we are raping the plant , bombing brown people , etc . 
I have been telling her for years that this whole thing was going to fall apart , and it is a big fat lie . 
She must have zero memory because she told me on Sunday , `` I called and the plan is no help at all , I will have to pay a lot of money , and have a $ 6K deductible ! 
I have been lied to ! `` 
The thing is it is hard to enjoy the disappointment of the died in the wool liberals as it is damaging our country . 
Who with half a brain watches NBC ? 
Thanks for telling me otherwise I would n't have known . 
They pulled the article already but yahoo has it up still http : //news . 
yahoo . 
com/obama-administration-knew-millions-wouldn-t-be-able-to-keep-insurance -- report-222249311 . 
html 
And people are crying in /r/conservative because a misleading article is being downvoted . 
Ok . 
42 % with the Tea Party ? ! 
I did not think it was that high . 
Now I really want to know why no one sent any military support . 
To not send additional security when it was asked for prior to the attack could be brushed off as an oversight ( although I do n't think it should be ) , but to not send help while a coordinated attack was *undeniably* underway makes no sense to me . 
And I ca n't help but think that decision was politically motivated . 
THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES ! 
Remember when the same people who are now banning WE THE PEOPLE from public property and land were telling us the 'occupiers ' had every right to be there ? 
I sometimes listen to Beck . 
I subscribe to the Blaze . 
For the most part I like him , but this statement or lack of action is just stupid . 
If it 's Christie Vs. Clinton 2016 , I am voting for Christie . 
Primaries may be a different story . 
It is up to conservatives to put someone we like in the race , not Christie or anyone else . 
I 've given up on most national media outlets . 
I stick to my local newspaper for the most part now . 
Too much bipartisan cock sucking and smearing from both sides . 
Well one can ensure that you and your family are protected while the other is just a silly healthcare law : P 
Straightforward ! 
Thank you for sharing 
[ For the lazy ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=p1Ddb3oa5CE ) 
The poll is not as indicative of the public 's view on his policies as much as we 'd like to think . 
When viewed in the context of congress ' low approval ratings ( 10 percent ? ) 
this poll is more indicative of people disliking their dysfunctional government . 
The reason that the number is that high is due to his base supporting his policy positions , regardless of his ability to implement them . 
He can simply blame republicans , and as long as republicans continue a political strategy that makes them appear that they 're not willing to compromise , he can call them a bully , and continue to have high polling numbers . 
Why would they champion it ? 
Anyways , there is a key difference , you and your wife . 
Losing a child do to miscarriage and aborting is not the same ( for the parents ) . 
They want the government shut down and they want the Republicans to bear the responsibility . 
The MSM will do their best to make sure that happens . 
I would be interested in seeing how this information was collected . 
Nowhere in the article or the poll results is that information given . 
Ca n't stand Ayn Rand , never understood her appeal , she reminds me of the wicked witch . 
Selfishness is the opposite of virtue , indeed it is the root of all evil . 
In what way does she promote or retain traditional social institutions ? 
How is she `` conservative ? `` 
I used to watch WLTX . 
: ) 
Go back to the leftist threads , your kind is not welcome here . 
What she said is that he held meetings in his whitehouse with individuals who wanted borders set a specific way in Israel so that the borders complied with the bible 's requirements for the apocalypse . 
Is that true or false ? 
Keep attacking the one world leader who stands up to fags , guys . 
Whoever said conservatives are their own worst enemies ? 
The whole point of wikipedia is not to approach editing with a specific political or ideological motivation . 
It seems that revisionism is the nature of progressivism -- the idea that the old normative methods are inherently bad and thus must be changed for the sake of change . 
The democrats keep shooting themselves in the foot . 
Do they not know they will be out of the Senate come election time ? 
Almost everyone that drank the grape kool-aid is starting to wake up to the phony Democrats that have done so much harm to America in a short 5 years . 
Good . 
Split the RINO vote in the primaries . 
Liar 
Companies you use to have the freedom to boycott . 
They probably gave him talking points to heckle Obama with to make him a victim and make it look like he 's more moderate than he really is . 
Poor Lindsey , go pickup some tissues and a bucket of ice cream and head over to John McCain 's house , I hear he 's pretty down in the dumps himself . 
Do n't let John Stewart know 
And GAP and Old Navy got me to shop there for Christmas presents for girls . 
I do n't personally like those stores as a guy , but seeing this will definitely get them preferential treatment for CHRISTMAS SHOPPING . 
I absolutely refuse to say anything other than Merry Christmas . 
If you do n't like it ? 
Too fucking bad . 
Merry Christmas . 
& gt ; it 's OUR fucking country Who are you talking about , exactly ? 
Reid is a lying sack of a hypocrite . 
Boy are you Dems gon na regret this once the Republicans regain control again . 
this it what burns my ass about this country , this is still going on and yet we send billions of dollars to all these assholes around the world who hate us ! 
foreign aid my ass ! 
lets feed our own first ! 
now i am all pissed off ! 
i 'm done ! 
`` Remember all those angry lectures that Obamacare was settled law ? 
The Democrats said , `` It 's the law of the land . 
You ca n't change it. `` 
Well , so much for that . 
So much for the rule of law . 
So much for constitutional republicanism . 
Now we have the president playing dictator the other way to save his party 's bacon and to save his dream of government-run socialized medicine. `` 
- Rush 
The holiday is not President 's Day . 
It 's George Washington 's Birthday . 
Sort of a `` Read my lips , no new taxes. `` 
GHW Bush moment for Obama . 
He is n't a poor minority or illegal alien . 
Obamacare was n't designed to help him . 
I wonder if this story will ever make it to r/politics where they hail Obumacare as the best thing since welfare . 
I do like how Anderson Cooper tries to defend Obama by saying that Laszewski has been opposed to Obamacare and that the White House is calling it preposterous . 
I 'm always amazed at how willing liberals are to admit that they agree with `` the ends justifies the means '' . 
I got into it in a thread and said just this ... and you should have seen the hate and vitriol . 
Every comment was calling me a liar . 
It was truly amazing to see how angry socialists get when you call out the awful past their ideology has . 
It 's sad that low-information liberals do n't get the idea that stand your ground is the means for poor people to protect themselves from others attempting to bully them . 
Stand your ground means you do n't have to turn your back on a threat , which is often the worst thing you can do . 
Having to be forced in the time of danger to try to determine if your back is truly against the wall ( figuratively ) in the face of a threat . 
If the situation between the black young man and a Hispanic guy were switched , and the hispanic was driving the black guy 's head into the asphalt for no reason other than his own rage , the vast majority of America would support the black man using lethal force to save his own life . 
If you are n't in favor of stand your ground , you 're either ignorant or you 've got a gun control agenda . 
And right after this [ someone in the audience fainted ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=7J80mVXvs64 ) . 
Obama was able to pick them out in a crowd of people , diagnose the issue as not serious from the stage , and then get them some water . 
How could anyone not love such a compassionate and caring leader ? 
Heheheheheheheh 
Yeah , yeah , yeah , but if I dare bitch about buhraaack between bites of my turkey drumstick I 'm right back in the KKK again as far as the libtards are concerned . 
& gt ; I own a home worth about $ 175,000 ... my school and property taxes are $ 8,000 per year Holy shit ! 
I thought property taxes were bad ! 
$ 200k home with property taxes of $ 4,000 per year ( but we live in a small town in Central IL ) . 
That 's insane ! 
I wonder how much of this is a natural progression of both parties playing an ever more brutal game . 
Obama is more closed than Bush who was more closed than Clinton ... and whoever follows Obama I 'll be an even bigger control freak . 
Now if only this could show the millions of people who will stay wallowed in poverty because the train ca n't go faster . 
Welcome to the new congress , same as the old congress ... . 
Blacks have gone full stupid with the race card . 
I just think it 's funny at this point . 
This would make me so happy . 
It sounds like they might move him to a later spot though . 
Honestly if they were smart they 'd just drop him . 
Moore is a big supporter of Veterans . 
He runs an organization that focuses on getting Veterans jobs when they come home . 
He is simply pointing out the hypocrisy of the vapid `` Support our troops '' types that actually do n't do a fucking thing to support our troops , and do n't even realize how bad off a lot of Veterans are when they come home . 
Here is an op-ed he wrote that explains his position pretty well : [ Those Who Say 'I Support the Troops ' Really Do n't ] ( http : //www . 
huffingtonpost . 
com/michael-moore/support-the-troops_b_2402749 . 
html ) P. S. If you actually thought he was celebrating suicides of Veterans , you are probably mentally challenged . 
At least the New York Post is telling the truth . 
Does anybody remember during one of the debates how Obama said he was proud to call it `` Obamacare '' ? 
Palazzo should name names . 
Let those people responsible for this travesty never work in government again . 
Obama 's being such a little bitch . 
It must really stick in his craw that immediately following the shutdown , the Republicans were proven to be right all along when his pet program belly-flopped and his lies about it were exposed . 
And nothing of value was lost . 
Brilliant 
thousands of pages of bill passed in the middle of the night , combined with the major media being a functioning arm of the DNC -- not too amazing 
That 's the point of the subsidies in the PPACA ... . 
No it 's not . 
You do realize the national debt and the national deficit are not the same thing , right ? 
Well , who amongst us would n't choose something free , quick and humorous over spending time and money on something serious ? 
And pigs will begin flying as well . 
& gt ; greedy insurance CEOs through creative accounting measures . 
So when CEO 's do it , it 's wrong and evil , but when the fed does it to keep Obama and the democrats from looking bad spending all this money it 's swept under the bus lol 
This only applies to executive appointments and non-supreme court nominees , not legislation or nominees to the SCOTUS . 
Fox News is mistaken . 
& gt ; During her testimony before Congress Wednesday , Secretary Sebelius claimed , `` The website never crashed . 
It is functional , but at a very slow speed and very low reliability . 
” 
Mike Rowe has always seemed like a class act . 
Now I know why . 
Come to think of it , we may not even need to go 10 years to the future . 
Has Obama shut down Medicaid ... nope ... well crap this whole discussion is suspect and silly . 
Because King Obama sounds so catchy ! 
What I do n't understand is he is making the claim that in the absence of government , we , the people , will create jobs ( with our greater freedom ) to make up for the net loss . 
And be better for it . 
What is preventing we , the people , from creating those jobs right now ? 
Why shut down the government when just proving there is a better way would cause the same effect without putting people through unnecessary hardship ? 
-Major healthcare reform -Ending the Iraq War -Drawdown of Argahnistan -Changing dynamics on LGBT rights in the country -Eliminated OBL , and many other top al Qaeda leaders -Wall Street reform -Auto Industry turn around Seems pretty substantive to me 
[ Video of mall riot shows punches , unruly crowd ] ( http : //www . 
kvue . 
com/video ? 
id=229635361 & amp ; sec=551217 & amp ; ref=rcvidmod ) The video from the air tells the tale : A crowd of people outside Highland Mall Saturday night refusing to the leave the scene . 
[ Discussion of the incident on /r/Austin ] ( http : //www . 
np . 
reddit . 
com/r/Austin/comments/1pfyb2/riot_at_highland_mall/ ) 
Truer words have never been spoken . 
Sigh . 
The kids are hilarious . 
The nine firings this year are all linked to Benghazi , so there 's that . 
But , in a general sense , this is the means to another end of social justice . 
He is replacing generals like Mattis , Petraeus , and McChrystal who are very successful soldiers , but do n't tote the women in the infantry line . 
He is replacing them with people like Mike Mullen who are essentially social activists promoted by Senate Democrats since the 90s to further that agenda . 
Trayvon was caught at school with a backpack full of stolen jewelry that he no doubt stole from houses in his neighborhood . 
The police tried to cover up this fact . 
Liberals will turn this into the greed of insurance companies and evil corporations . 
They will try to tie the GOP to this and take down the insurance companies at the same time . 
The ultimate goal is Single Payer . 
She was a lackluster human at best and a hypocritical failure at worst . 
Her fans like to say that when she took social security and Medicare it was alright , because the system had robbed her through taxes and she deserved it . 
I am personally not conservative , but I have a higher opinion of most of you than I will ever have of Ayn Rand . 
Most conservatives that I have met , whether we disagreed or not , will stick to their beliefs even in the worst of times - unlike Ayn Rand . 
Except that the counter-argument is that a fetus is not a human , it 's a tumescent growth . 
Therefore , a fetus has nothing in common with a human . 
So I do n't see how this argument is all that valuable . 
Nothing in life is free . 
Do parents not teach this anymore ? 
Can we put the political ideology aside and all agree that Rand 's prose reads like a refrigerator manual ? 
While I agree that we need rules for certain aspects of our society ( in this case business ) , I really do n't like the regulatory process . 
If it needs to be a rule , pass a law . 
That way we the people will have something of a recourse when it goes south . 
Having unelected bureaucrats creating regulations has the potential to cause more pain than good . 
Well after checking /r/politics it seems no one is talking about the ACA . 
Lol I guess when the numbers are out there you ca n't really say `` it 's just speculation '' at that point . 
Now all they 're talking about is multiple articles about ted cruz 's father being racist and a bunch of other fun things . 
Greg 
I normally hate it when these analyst go on these kind of rants and dominate the discussion but damn he 's absolutely right 
So its `` Affordable '' if you lie . 
Shouldnt be too hard to do the president likes to lead by example . 
He 's such a tosser . 
Hey if we sacrifice more to make Obamacare succeed maybe Michelle will be proud of her country for a second time ! 
! 
Good , hes a raging douchebag . 
I did n't eat pp & amp ; j as a kid because my parents came from a country where it was not eaten . 
I still understood the concept . 
And this is the group who are most enthusiastic for Obama . 
Wait until they realize they will be forced to pay for something they believed was going to be *free* . 
I guess the Daily Show never covered this subject . 
There seems to be a common trend on the news and im currently watching it on jon stewart which is , that the republicans think everyone is stupid because they want to meet now and the democrats wont and are playing the victim , even though the democrats wanted to meet ( something like 2 years ago ) to meet originally and they would n't . 
What 's your opinion ? 
edit : why the fuck am i being downvoted ? 
i just asked a question because i did n't know . 
Stay classy Ted Cruz . 
Also , it 's not true . 
Zimmerman 's attorney invoked it throughout pre-trial and the jury was instructed to consider it by the judge before deliberation . 
But I suppose the privileged white guy has more to say about a black youths murder than the mother . 
Any time someone starts mentioning `` social justice '' I get real nervous as my mind braces for the onrush of incoherent , emotionally reactive thinking . 
I literally lost my shit when i saw the random 9/11 was an inside job comment . 
apparently `` wealthy '' actually means `` making more than me '' to these people 
I just tried to verify the guy 's story because catastrophic plans in other states I 've browsed were much less , but unfortunately I get an error when trying to browse plans on the CA exchange . 
http : //imgur . 
com/I7q5Zab Surely the California exchange ca n't be trashcan too , right ? 
Even the button from healthcare . 
gov that links to California exchange did n't work properly for me . 
Good thing all those social media buttons work though . 
A wha ? 
I 'm unaware of any powers that the Federal government or the Obama Administration have over state national guards . 
This came up during Katrina when Bush was being criticized for not deploying Louisiana 's National Guard . 
He does not have the authority to do so . 
Only the Governor of Louisiana can do that . 
This is clearly an unconstitutional attempt at a power-grab - even though I personally agree with the sentiment behind it . 
I 'm all for same-sex marriage , but this Administration is out of control . 
This just is n't going to end well - and by that I mean the whole Obama Presidency . 
Sarah Palin criticizing anyone for their lack of substance is just ... really funny . 
The best part was when asked about the president 's involvement , she replied `` Whatever. `` 
To the best of my knowledge there is no law preventing cher , or anyone else from freely giving their property to American Indians . 
So what are they waiting for ? 
It does n't matter nothing sticks to this administration anyways . 
They are the proverbial rubber , and the republicans are glue . 
I feel bad for this guy , but he probably should n't have tried to set up home churches in an Islamic theocracy . 
I can tell you that with a wife and 2 kids to support , I would n't even go to a place like Iran for a visit and I certainly would n't go there trying to spread a religion that is basically outlawed . 
Please keep repeating this . 
NEVER FORGET . 
Nor should he . 
The threat of nuclear attack by Iran ( if one exists at all ) on Israel is *Israel's* problem . 
This idea that Israel is the savior of mankind slash a poor , downtrodden victim ( depending upon what they need the public to believe ) is not only laughably incorrect , it 's dangerous . 
So , for that matter , is the idea that we all , but especially the United States , owe them something just for existing . 
The fact is that in their present form , they - and by that I mean their government , not , for the most part at least , the individual Israeli - are every bit as harmful to the world as any other extremist , terrorist , or similar malignancy , whether it be Hamas or Obama or whoever . 
Besides , from a purely national standpoint , it 's well past time for Israel to stand on its own two feet . 
We need to immediately stop the obscene amount of aid ( both military and economic ) we give to them each year , stop fighting all their skirmishes and wars for them , and most of all , stop asking `` How high ? `` 
whenever they say jump ( and expecting everyone else to follow suit ) . 
In fact , it would be best to cut ties altogether . 
At any rate , Israel is either a legitimate country or they are n't . 
If they are , then let them act and perform like one , which is to say , let them operate under their own power , with all the benefits and consequences that come with it . 
By contrast , if their definition of sovereignty is to continually suck the quickly withering teat of the U. S. and laugh all the way to the bank as they do it , then let 's cut the crap , call a spade a spade , and either annex them ( they 're already a U. S. protectorate in everything but name ) or let them collapse and dissolve under their own weight . 
Whatever happens , the way things are now is unacceptable . 
literally bizarroworld . 
what in the holy thor was he thinking 
What part of Obamacare caused this to happen ? 
Yeah , this is appropriate . 
Hey , I was one of those people ! 
The death star , not the website , that is . 
This goes way back in Wisconsin collegiate systems . 
In 1991 I attended orientation at UW-Milwaukee . 
The first thing they did was put 200 of us in a room with a line on the floor . 
They then asked a series of personal belief questions . 
On one side was always a certain choice , like `` do you accept homosexuals ? 
`` , and the same side later `` do you believe in a God ? 
`` . 
When it was finished they said before you graduate you will stand on that other side of the line . 
It was complete indoctrination , and they were madly obsessed with it ... even to the point of ridiculing those who stood on the side of opposing abortion to the whole room . 
It left me and many others noticing judging stares the entire rest of the day . 
It immediately made groups of people ignore / avoid those on the other side of the line they chose earlier that day . 
Again that was in 1991 . 
& gt ; This is wrong . 
Being gay is not something you `` live out '' . 
It is something you either are or are not . 
Would you say the same is true for being a pedophile or having a sexual attraction to animals or a strong desire for more than one spouse ? 
Millions . 
It 's really reverse racism . 
Let 's pretend that Obama is a white freshman Senator from Chicago with a virtually blank resume and a questionable past . 
His only accomplishment in life is being elected to various positions by having his opponents kicked off the ballot and writing two autobiographies about himself . 
Do you think that *white* candidate comes close to sniffing the Presidency ? 
Or do you think this candidate drops out of the race after getting 1 % of the vote in the Iowa caucuses ? 
Obama is President specifically because he *is* half black . 
Al Franken 's Senate seat is another one that should be on Republicans ' radar . 
He stole the 2008 election in Minnesota , going from a thousand votes down the day after the election to 300 votes up a few months later , after vast numbers of Franken votes kept being discovered in heavily Democratic districts . 
As economist John Lott pointed out at the time , the magically appearing votes for Franken were a statistical impossibility . 
IIRC , Franken 's team found hundreds of uncounted votes ( ! ) 
in the trunk of a Democrat operative 's car . 
That seems legit . 
/s 
How did he `` school '' her ? 
so let me get this straight , they bitch and moan about having a government funded `` affordable '' healthcare system , and now that their dear leader gives them this new ability they bitch and moan they want it for free ? 
Now to top that , this so called `` bare bones '' program turns out to be a shit load of money because it is simply economically unfeasible for a social health system in this nation to be cheaper and they turn their story and now want it for free ? 
People seriously need to take some classes on economics , I guess they just think doctors and hospitals function on hopes , dreams , and unicorns . 
Hmm . 
How civil and becoming of a professional news host . 
I can see why he is so trustworth . 
A veritable beacon of righteousness . 
Seriously , I dislike Palin , but this guy is a tool bag for throwing a tantrum like that on TV . 
When exactly was this vote to shut down the government ? 
I 've only seen votes to fund the government . 
And I 've sent hen working weekends while the Senate was off and Obama was playing golf . 
Which was the house bill `` the government is now shut down '' ? 
[ deleted ] 
& gt ; the same people Which people ? 
If I remember right , the occupiers were ( legally ) shoved off the parks by police a number of times . 
I do n't remember the Obama admin . 
defending their rights to stay . 
Public monuments and parks close when the government closes . 
He did n't know what he was supposed to be doing at the time where he was n't quite sure what was going on ... and also did not know what happened 
Details schmetails ... . 
and telling obama to violate federal laws 
So interesting . 
Being a liberal and part of several liberal groups I have yet to hear a single democrat talk about repealing or changing the healthcare law . 
Many are very upset about the rollout and website failures though . 
All you did is point out much more evidence for keeping the government closed . 
Good . 
I believe that it is their choice if they want to use the word `` Merry Christmas '' or the PC term of `` Happy Holidays '' I do n't think they a company should be penalized or looked down upon because they express their holiday greetings . 
If you do n't like it , do n't shop there . 
Let us all remember , Republicans in the House failed to pass an appropriations bill that was acceptable to the Senate and the President . 
They could pass one this very minute if Mr. Boehner would bring the clean Senate bill to a vote . 
Whatever damage is being done to the Republican Party , they are doing it to themselves . 
edit : 17 republicans - the number required to pass the senate bill - have already said they would vote yes . 
This makes no sense . 
People with healthcare through their employers , which includes federal government employees and 60 % of employees who get coverage at work , will not be using the exchanges to get insurance . 
Congress falls into this group . 
The exchanges are designed for people who do n't get coverage through work and are currently living without insurance or buying it on the private market . 
This crap again ? 
Is this really what we need our politicians working on ? 
I do n't really see any evidence that any german shepards are `` sic '' 'ing anyone . 
I dunno , a k-9 unit getting to spend the day in the park seems alright to me , not really different than any other officer there . 
Best thing about this , just pointed out on Fox News . 
Repealing Obamacare with 51 votes . 
The continual lying of the regime and obama being shaded as not knowing reminds me of nazi german when citizens took notice of government wrong doing . 
`` If only the Fuehrer knew '' Our brain dead citizens have reached the same level of delusion . 
Similar stuff came up when chik-fil-a was being boycotted . 
I was blatantly told I was a horrible hypocrite for not boycotting companies who supported gay marriage . 
They jumped to a few conclusions . 
Since I vocally opposed the boycott I must hate gays and be opposed to gay marriage . 
While I do n't have a problem with gay marriage , I do oppose the state recognizing same sex marriage , with the addendum that I think the state needs to butt out of all marriage . 
But that was not the case for everyone . 
This paragraph is already longer than intended , so I 'm cutting it short . 
It was the same kind of jumping to a conclusion that I am racist for not liking Obama . 
The point these individuals were trying to make was that if I did n't support gay marriage I should be denied access to companies like google and amazon or be a hypocrite in an attempt to shame me into not using products and services I like . 
Point being , this tactic is not necessarily a new thing . 
`` Well now I 'm sorry your son was shot but in Florida if you are a pussy , you can start a fight with someone , then get scared , and pull out a gun and shoot them because you are too pathetic and fat to defend yourself like a real man. `` 
Guys did I get the gist of it ? 
Is there any legal precedent for the idea that the executive branch could unilaterally order the seizure and closure of hospitals , or the non-payment of providers ? 
Because _Youngstown Sheet & amp ; Tube Co. v. Sawyer_ , decided by the Supreme Court in 1952 , says the complete opposite . 
Brave souls . 
We do n't believe in handouts and free rides ... ( wink wink ) 
Only 53 % ? 
Holy fuck , we 're screwed . 
This is pretty fucked up . 
How many times during the campaign did he say you 'd keep your coverage if you liked it ? 
50 ? 
100 ? 
Deceit , incompetence , and personal cowardice . 
Welcome to Obama 's America 
After exceeding the combined expenditures of every proceeding administration before him he is now attempting to play more rounds of pasture pool than of all of them combined as well . 
Remember that 42 % of those surveyed are extremist . 
Poor Obama must have a very short-term memory because he swore he never said this even though it was recorded for the whole world to see ... sorry Bammy , the proof is in the lies coming out of your mouth . 
Let me guess , President Know-Nothing knows nothing about this one too ? 
I love how as a guy , I 'm selfish for not having the resources to finance everyone 's healthcare , but they 're virtuous and kind for wanting me to finance their healthcare . 
We did discuss Obamacare while sitting around chatting , it resulted in everybody divulging how much their costs were going up after somebody mentioned their relative got dropped completely . 
The owner of the house said his rate just went up $ 900 , I do n't know if that is per year or per month . 
It 's unfair to call out Democrats for this type of behavior . 
If anything , both Republicans and Democrats are at fault for making our media more biases . 
I 'd far prefer to have a media that reports the facts without adding any spin at all . 
I believe there 's a word for this : Tyranny 
Sebelius could really use a sandwich . 
Teenagers who think they understand politics ... 
I guess this shutdown has some upside . 
I make a point to call it the Affordable Care Act , but I always make air-quotes when I say `` Affordable. `` 
Then they vote for liberal candidates until your state is ruined to , then they move on . 
Ignorance is bliss . 
Where are those liberal concern trolls at now saying this is actually a Republican/conservative idea 
I looked this up earlier and apparently it is up to each state/ school district if they are open or not . 
The schools that do remain open have some kind if assembly . 
It is kind of amusing to hear the left talk about how `` deregulation '' is the problem . 
It makes you wonder if they are even aware of the scope of the current regulatory environment . 
John Stossel one day brought out the printed regulations for business on his show . 
He had to wheel it in on a cart . 
So is it still possible to recall her seat since her motivation is likely to keep the senate in Democrat control ? 
From Scalia 's concurring opinion : & gt ; In sum , the dissent would vacate the Court of Appeals’ stay without expressly rejecting that court’s analysis of any of the governing factors . 
And it would flout core principles of federalism by mandating postponement of a state law without asserting that the law is even probably unconstitutional . 
A primary conservative principle , federalism , is a mere roadbump to activist liberal judges . 
Then why did Hitler put all the socialists and unionists into concentration camps ? 
This absolutely amazes me . 
He said it flat out , and added a `` period '' at the end just to make absolutely clear that there were no clauses , if 's , and 's , or butts , attached . 
And how exactly would that happen ? 
Would he cut off government subsidies for private insurance ? 
You realize that 's exactly what we want , right ? 
Eliminate the requirement to buy insurance ? 
Good ! 
As for shutting down hospitals and refusing to pay doctors . 
Private insurers will be doing that , how does Obama pay anybody ? 
Medicare and Medicaid ? 
Yeah he can cut that off if the gov runs out of money , which will happen in about 2 weeks ! 
Levin has no idea what we 're fighting for or what 's at stake . 
Obama wo n't gut his own plan . 
Good ! 
/r/blackconservatives was recently started , you might want to cross post it over there . 
Interestingly enough , Project Veritas ' website is down now ( as of 3:14pm EST ) . 
I 'm actually going to miss seeing guys like Larry Pratt and Ted Nugent school him on stuff . 
This attitude is n't very Christian of you . 
Before you worry about others putting the Christ back in Christmas , maybe you should look at how much of Christ you 're putting into your attitude and behavior . 
I do n't think telling people `` too fucking bad '' because they do n't share your holiday greeting was part of our Lord 's plan for us . 
Jesus Christ the feels ... 
Why would someone want to disgrace their face with a mask of one of the biggest morons in history . 
Stupid liberals are blowing the whole race thing out of proportion . 
I do n't hate him because he 's black ( for all intensive purposes ) ; I hate him because he 's a liberal , and he does n't know how to run a country . 
At that particular moment , Sebelius ' underwear was functional , at a slow speed and very low reliability . 
Noam Chomsky is a liberal ? 
Good lord that is ridiculous . 
Every other advanced industrialized country -- except the US until a few years ago -- provides health care to its citizens . 
This means ( pick 3 ) : 1 . 
Every other advanced industrialized country is `` Statist '' . 
2 . 
`` Statism '' is a scary , but ultimately meaningless word . 
3 . 
Ronald Reagan was paid a lot of money by the AMA . 
I think it 's a mistake to equate government regulations in general to stop lights . 
That 's like equating the Pacific Ocean to a backyard swimming pool . 
Obamacare `` issue '' does n't give it justice ... this is obama 's legacy lol . 
Can we break away from the UN already ? 
Elect me . 
My first order of business will be to give every UN diplomat in our country 48 hours to get out , and then turn valuable Manhattan real estate into profits . 
While I can appreciate learning from the mistakes of Benghazi , what threats were made against the Vatican ? 
What makes it suddenly unsafe ? 
I 'm unaware of anything going on near there that poses a threat to our embassies , and I have extended family working not too far from the Vatican . 
I would have thought I 'd have heard something through someone if there was something dangerous happening . 
For matter , at least some news story somewhere should have indicated there was something going on . 
Has anyone heard of a threat in Italy ? 
pride do n't pay my obamacare premiums ! 
Are you an atheist ? 
Poor bastards . 
After all the press has done for him , he slaps them down without remorse . 
It 's taken this long for it to sink in . 
We do n't need no education . 
Ok but the dems of today are that time periods repubs and vice versa . 
What this post really says is that the repubs opposed all but the last item . 
Better delete this and stop embarrassing yourself 
I actually wholeheartedly agree with you , but I still think no one should be offended by either happy holidays or merry Christmas . 
I 'm curious . 
What about them being `` lousy policies '' is making companies drop these plans ? 
She pointed out that these plans were being bought prior to ACA . 
He pointed out ACA was not forcing them to drop those plans , rather in essence shifting the market to where those policies would no longer be good to have , so companies dropped them . 
Those two points in and of themselves do not seem mutually exclusive . 
I think the point was that MLK day would never be an in-school holiday . 
This is because we recognize that MLK Day is deeply important to a certain subset of Americans . 
For this family , Veteran 's Day has a personal significance because the father is indeed a veteran . 
If little Danielle must go to school , Veteran 's Day is a holiday in name only . 
Basically , the father is saying , `` You would n't shit on Martin Luther King , well you 're not shitting on me either . 
Today is Veteran 's Day and I 'm a veteran goddamnit. `` 
No one said everything on this list is a lie ; it is EITHER a lie OR lawbreaking OR corruption OR cronyism . 
I am guessing this would go under cronyism . 
Clinton 's `` apparent '' rape of Juanita Broaderick , his `` apparent '' assault of Kathleen Willey , his `` apparent '' exposure of himself to Paula Jones ... . were all somehow forgivable to American feminists . 
Meanwhile , Clarence Thomas 's use of the words `` pubic hair '' in mixed company made him the devil incarnate to those same feminists . 
It 's called double-standards ... . and it 's a hallmark of liberal hypocrisy . 
Delightful ! 
How is getting rid of the public option not a compromise ? 
I do n't celebrate it as Veterans Day . 
I celebrate it as Armistice day . 
Mr. Vonnegut made a very good argument for that . 
look it up if you care to . 
I do celebrate our vets but I do love the symbolism of Armistice Day . 
It 's like they are trying to make teachers more racist . 
If you do n't want to be racist then stop pointing out and emphasizing cultural differences . 
He is n't `` going after '' MLK day , just putting it on equal footing , like saying , if you are willing to force people to go to school on MLK day , then I wo n't complain if you make my child go on veterans day . 
[ deleted ] 
From what I can tell , the dude was into younger men - from 17 years old to early twenties - and they were often troubled ( substance addiction , mental issues , etc ) . 
While not a great aspect of the man , it is hardly pederasty or pedophilia . 
I would say that we shouldnt underestimate Elizabeth Warren . 
Even though she is far left , many in our generation our leftists . 
Demographically , the nation is shifting to the left . 
& gt ; Is there some anti-conservative bot attacking this site ? 
Yep 
He 's actually not as crazy as everybody makes him out to be . 
I do n't agree with a lot of his views , but I respect different opinions and since listening to him I have begun to understand a lot of the Tea Party 's positions a lot better . 
If people would stop hating each other and welcome different opinions perhaps we would move to break the seemingly endless Conservative vs. Liberal trench warfare stalemate . 
Yeah I doubt this article in many ways . 
There is no way they would repeal it . 
It would prove they were wrong and what the House has been trying to do for months was the right way to go . 
I 'd say at this point it 's more of a pride thing for them and to stand their ground . 
All this chart shows is that Americans are idiots . 
When a Republican is in office , conservatism plummets . 
When a Democrat is in office , it skyrockets . 
It 's a chart that shows Americans are never happy with the government they chose for themselves . 
Thanks for posting . 
That was priceless . 
If this is n't grounds for impeachment , I dunno what is . 
This is n't news , it 's an outtake , like the squirrel water skiing or the bulldog skateboarding . 
Any assumption that the deer can read and attacked the sign out of political spite is an exercise in cartoonish agitprop . 
Upvoting something like this discredits the value that /r/Conservative adds to reddit , and to the Conservative movement from an outside perspective . 
Edit : typos . 
But it must be Bush 's fault . 
In other news support among African Americans has dropped to a staggering 93 . 
6 % ! 
Part-time Illinois ? 
I live in Illinois , but I have to go to Missouri to get any work , and even that is only part-time ! 
And all of a sudden NBC is throwing a 404 error . 
I assume because it was the headline on Drudge and the liberal powers at be wo n't have any of this real journalism . 
I highly doubt the democrat party will repeal Obamacare , but if they do , you can bet your last dollar that Republicans and the Tea Party will be blamed for `` stealing healthcare from the poor and middle class to pay for more tax cuts for the rich. `` 
And the low information sheep will sadly believe every bit of it . 
Anyone have a link to the data used in the report ? 
A number of countries contradict published rates of homocides and gun ownership ( most of the African countries for example ) . 
Ca n't say Chomsky 's assertion is any big news . 
Presidential campaigns are 'mainly a public relations extravaganza ' ? 
Keep diggin , Watson . 
/yawn Dean is another matter . 
It 's beyond my knowledge . 
Anyone how this review board functions/how selected/etc ? 
From first read it has to do with the Medicare portion of Obamacare . 
Who is against all regulations ? 
Conservatives and libertarians oppose over-regulation and bloated government . 
They support Constitutional-based laws . 
However , it 's usually cumbersome to always qualify these beliefs so it 's often simplified to : we need to get rid of regulations . 
You 'd be surprised at how well a true free market regulates itself . 
Just look at the internet . 
If I had to choose between the Death Star and ObamaCare , Alderaan would n't exist anymore . 
If only more people could be as sensible as Mike Rowe . 
Oh the horror of compromise and understanding of differing opinions ! 
To assert that climate models are *right* or *wrong* is naive , and this is why : The climate at a global scale is enormously complex , and these models envision our current understanding of how the world works . 
The climate models make predictions , some good , some bad . 
Predictive models are measured against real world observations , and from those you can calculate a margin of error . 
The model 's accuracy is based on this margin of error . 
As a result of measuring the accuracy of a model , you can go back and update working theories and create new models . 
This is how science works . 
Furthermore , the entire concept of global warming is based on a few very simple facts . 
* CO2 and other `` greenhouse '' gasses capture more infrared radiation ( generated by the sun or other sources ) than air . 
This can be scientifically measured using simple experiments : http : //www . 
espere . 
net/Unitedkingdom/water/uk_watexpgreenhouse . 
htm * Human activity pumps millions of tons of CO2 and other greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere every year . 
http : //en . 
wikipedia . 
org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions * The earth is a closed system , similar to the glass boxes in the experiment above . 
Therefore , based on the simple experiment , we would expect to see some increase in temperature on a global scale as a result of human behavior . 
The predictions and ramifications of this warming are much more difficult to figure out due to how huge and complex the world is . 
But The the best course of action is certainly not to just *wait and see* considering the some of the possible consequences . 
How can self-defense-supportive statutes be inherently `` racist '' unless there is first a racist presumption about the ethnicity of the attacker ? 
Everyone has a right to self defense , period . 
Anyone who thinks the people serve the government , and not the other way around . 
Who should I be more mad at : 1 ) The marketing majors who submitted this and then congratulated themselves incessantly after having thought it up ? 
2 ) The administrative structure that approved this and used a tremendous amount of taxpayer money to distribute it and to pay those who made it ? 
3 ) The society that by and large does n't object to this objectification of women , ? 
or 4 ) Women 's rights groups and liberals in general that do n't bat an eye at this but would absolutely lose their shit over the most irrelevant comment by Conservative pundits ? 
So many different people to hate for this . 
What 's a guy to do ? 
Explaining , of course , the declining society we are building . 
This type of thinking ( while this specific article may be parody ) is exactly what is wrong with higher education . 
While diversity is nice , discrimination against anyone , including white males , does nothing but drive the educational level down . 
We desperately need engineers and scientists in the US , where we used to be the global leader . 
So a great idea , eliminate high Math and Science scores , because they are white males . 
A complete waste of oxygen in this lady . 
By Monday , 300,000 defense workers will be going back to work as a result of the bill the House and senate approved for military funding . 
That means only 500,000 federal workers will still be out on furlough , or about 10 % of the total federal work force . 
On a normal workday 10 % of the federal workforce is on vacation , sick , or on some kind of leave anyway . 
This shutdown will continue to be painted by the media as a disaster , but the truth is , if the obama administration was n't deliberately trying to adversely effect people , we 'd never know there was a shutdown . 
I think they are airing out this information when it will do the least damage to any democratic candidate while still pretending to `` cover journalism '' for the American people . 
Because let 's face it , they 'll think that most of us will forget by this time next year or in 2016 . 
It 'll be a privileged lunch for me today mmmm ... 
Something makes me think they will still be able to ooze out the same amount of liberal slime in a shutdown . 
Obama please shut down the interwebs next . 
So people will storm DC and demand impeachment . 
It was comedy gold until we go to Michelle Antoinette Obama 's Twitter account - after that it gets beyond parody . 
The FLOTUS ? 
That is not a part of our government , nor should it be , nor should that be funded by us . 
She holds no position of power . 
The Obamas are not monarchs . 
Some of us are not laughing any more . 
One of the pivotal moments in American history , and the President declines . 
People have joked about Obama , but a deep seething hatred of America is the only reason I can come up with for skipping this . 
And 64 % do intend to buy it already ! 
Before finding out how well it works . 
That 's better than democrats expected actually . 
Conservatives need to find a new enemy to rail against because they have lost to this one . 
Your first four words are redundant . 
darn it ! 
I knew she was right when she said she can see Russia from her house ! 
Yup . 
Obamacare is just another step in the steamroll toward tyranny . 
It is all gumdrops and candy canes until the hammer and sickle finally come down on a future generation conditioned to never see it coming . 
It will be framed very reasonably , most will by in to the notion that the crises is necessary and there simply was n't anything that could be done to avoid it . 
The population will be presented with a choice : speech or mental healthcare . 
another choice : guns or physical healthcare . 
and so on . 
and people cowed by media and fearmongering from charismatic politicians and celebrities they 've grown up admiring and trusting will of course give up all their freedoms to keep living because they are terrified of death : it will be crucifixion of the mind not the body , and it will be done to the entire population . 
This reads like a chain letter from grandma . 
In order to grow , does n't something need to be alive ? 
Life starts at growth . 
Dead things do n't grow besides a few features 
[ deleted ] 
Then Bill Clinton could primary Obama . 
hahaha 
scrambling for democrat senators who were/are pro obamacare to get on the record for the mid term elections.. pathetic 
What the fuck is wrong with these people ? 
So let me see if I understand your logic . 
Several scientists write a report or 'review ' of a document produced by the IPCC , thus providing 'peer review ' of that document , but the 'review ' needs to be reviewed by other scientists in order to be valid in your opinion ? 
I do n't think it means what you think it means . 
The article is very misleading . 
From AP 's statement : & gt ; Nothing in the health care law guarantees that people can keep the health insurance they already have . 
Costs can rise , benefits can change and employers can drop coverage . 
In other words , for existing coverage plans , it 's business as usual . 
This is no secret . 
It 's not the least bit surprising . 
To the contrary , the alternative would be monstrous . 
& gt ; Insurance policies that are offered must now meet minimum standards , covering more preventive services A decision needed to be made about what 's the bare minimum level of coverage . 
No matter where that line is drawn , there will be people who feel they are getting something they do n't want or need and others who feel something absolutely essential has been left out . 
I suppose existing plans could have been grandfathered in , but every plan changes at least a little bit every single year . 
How much change should be allowed before the plan needs to be brought up to code ? 
Also , what happens if 90 % of the participants switch to one of the new plans . 
Now the risk pool is gone and the price of the plan will skyrocket because the insurance company has no other way to pay for coverage of the remaining members . 
( Old plan , old rules ) 
Let him be clear , No one is angrier than he is about this . 
Bury brigade has shown up to this thread . 
This really demonstrates how many paid shills there are for climate alarmism . 
What the hell are they doing on the conservative subreddit within a few hours of critical comments being posted ? 
LOL . 
I wonder how the unions are taking this ? 
Seems the `` framers '' set up a system whereby a variety of options could be exercised to obtain compromise . 
What the ? ! 
They can ! 
That 's the whole point of a union strike ! 
What the hell is this guy talking about ? 
Your buddy Barry discredited himself long ago . 
These were probably the same harpies screaming at Scott Walker . 
Too bad The Post is a shitty tabloid . 
From the article : '' The president revisited his broken promise recently in Boston by telling those who had their plans canceled , “Just shop around in the new marketplace , that’s what it’s there for . 
” It’s hard to shop in a market you can not enter . 
Even worse , Americans have been shocked by just how much these new plans will cost . 
Americans are being forced to buy more expensive plans that don’t offer the care they want or the doctors they need , while leaving behind plans that had already worked for them. `` 
From Mitt 's campaign website : Mitt 's Plan On his first day in office , Mitt Romney will issue an executive order that paves the way for the federal government to issue Obamacare waivers to all fifty states . 
He will then work with Congress to repeal the full legislation as quickly as possible . 
In place of Obamacare , Mitt will pursue policies that give each state the power to craft a health care reform plan that is best for its own citizens . 
The federal government’s role will be to help markets work by creating a level playing field for competition . 
Restore State Leadership and Flexibility •Block grant Medicaid and other payments to states •Limit federal standards and requirements on both private insurance and Medicaid coverage •Ensure flexibility to help the uninsured , including public-private partnerships , exchanges , and subsidies •Ensure flexibility to help the chronically ill , including high-risk pools , reinsurance , and risk adjustment •Offer innovation grants to explore non-litigation alternatives to dispute resolution Promote Free Markets and Fair Competition •Cap non-economic damages in medical malpractice lawsuits •Empower individuals and small businesses to form purchasing pools •Prevent discrimination against individuals with pre-existing conditions who maintain continuous coverage •Facilitate IT interoperability Empower Consumer Choice •End tax discrimination against the individual purchase of insurance •Allow consumers to purchase insurance across state lines •Unshackle HSAs by allowing funds to be used for insurance premiums •Promote `` co-insurance '' products •Promote alternatives to `` fee for service '' •Encourage `` Consumer Reports '' -type ratings of alternative insurance plans Mittromney . 
com , Health care 
Oh , he *might* have known , but he did n't know that he knew . 
I know a bit about government acquisitions , so let me try and explain why this is probably not what you think it is . 
Back in 2007 , the government certified several vendors on a huge IDIQ contract - `` Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity '' - for Medicare system upgrades . 
The point of these kinds of contracts is that it streamlines the procurement process - when work needs to be done , they issue a Task Order under the IDIQ contract and any of the certified vendors can bid on it . 
So when the Healthcare . 
gov project came up , a Task order for the work was created , and according to records , 4 of the certified vendors bid on it . 
[ CGI Federal 's bid of $ 93 . 
74M was the one selected ] ( http : //www . 
scribd . 
com/doc/176565745/CGI-Contract ) . 
CGI Federal got on the IDIQ contract in 2007 , the classmate joined CGI Federal in 2010 , and CGI Federal won the task order in 2011 . 
I highly doubt that the classmate had anything to do with CGI winning the task order - she certainly had nothing to do with the company getting certified on the Medicare IDIQ contract . 
Liberal lites fleeing the Democrat moniker that has become so dirty . 
No thanks . 
Wow . 
The internet truly *is* forever . 
Yeah , that 's actually a really good video : http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=HucEOBf9OMs He talks about how unregulated markets actually function much better than regulated ones and are preferred by people , giving multiple examples . 
Edit : I should clarify , un-*government* regulated markets function better . 
They are still regulated , just self-regulated . 
Maybe being that close to Pope Francis makes them feel too guilty or something . 
I do n't think that or the Rev Wright bit should be in there . 
What purpose does it serve ? 
In 6 months they will call it `` the Conservative Tea Party Healthcare and Terrorism Act '' 
My boss just told me that the companies ( very small company ) health insurance will be cancelled sometime in 2014 . 
Not sure of the details yet . 
No , not *all* guns . 
I 'm sure he would be ok with his private bodyguards having access to guns . 
Prelude to Hillary 2016 ? 
ObamaCare has failed , Hillary knows how to fix it ! 
& gt ; '' If this system is going to be sustainable , however , we’re going to need to find a way to get older and wealthier Americans to chip in more. `` 
The funny part is that the system WAS doing that prior to the Obamacare intervention . 
Older people typically have greater assets and accumulated wealth . 
If they needed or *wanted* to spend more on healthcare , they were most capable of doing so . 
The young and healthy should have been saving their money for retirement and *healthcare* so that when they got older , they too had money put aside . 
This system robs from the poor to give to the rich . 
That 's the real irony . 
Increasingly , there is a penalty for saving . 
The government wants to be the arbiter of who gets what . 
Consequently , this is going to result in more of the behavior that 's killing us . 
Instead of saving for retirement/healthcare , it becomes advantageous to spend your money as quickly as you can . 
Otherwise , your `` wealth '' excludes you from government support . 
As it stands , you can save and do without the benefits of spending all your income ( new boat , toys , vacations , etc ) and then when you retire you 're supposed to pay again to support others on the money that you saved . 
Alternatively , you can spend everything and enjoy it now . 
When you retire , expect someone else to pay up . 
It 's a perverse incentive . 
Lying and cheating fellow ~~taxpayers~~ ~~citizens~~ welfare recipients/illegals who do n't pay taxes ... the Navigators have learned their 'nation-transforming ' lessons well . 
It 's not racist if white people are the objects . 
The uber-liberal Hampshire College administration probably would n't recognize a black guy if they saw one . 
Those New England colleges are so white and so liberal , that they urinate nothing but guilt . 
Yes , very satisfying . 
I wish I could join in on the fun . 
That 's a huge part of the thinking of the liberal elite ; they truly know what is `` best '' for us , and if we , in our ignorance , can not understand what wonders they bestow upon us , then it is okay to manipulate or coerce us into submission . 
After all , once we figure out how amazing it is , we will all rise up and thank our benevolent betters for showing us the way in spite of our darkened minds . 
Public education in America is a sham . 
It 's obedience programming to an extreme leftist agenda , and a distasteful one at that . 
It was a dumb thing to believe from the beginning . 
Catastrophic plans were made , more or less , illegal . 
So anyone with a plan that does n't match the ACA standards gloss away . 
That said it from the beginning . 
Anyone who believed otherwise was n't paying attention . 
Not to mention , it 's idiotic to try and speak for the private sector . 
The silver lining to this is that the young man sounds like he 's learned his lesson and understands that he got off lucky . 
Better to suffer a year in prison than for your parents to suffer a hole in their heart that will never heal . 
I miss Crichton so much . 
= ( 
Does death count as a pre-existing condition ? 
If it does they have to cover dead people . 
In Tennessee we had a program for years called TennCare , which was a statewide program for people to be able to purchase affordable insurance . 
Predictably , the program tanked after 10 years or so . 
It was rife with fraud and corruption . 
After a while , no halfway decent doctor would accept TennCare patients . 
TennCare was n't paying their bills . 
Doctors do n't work for free . 
Doctors not participating in the ACA is another very predictable result of passing the worst piece of legislation in the history of American politics . 
[ deleted ] 
Universal Health Care is very common in industrialized countries , both western and eastern . 
Your scenario has not played out at all . 
Why would America be different ? 
Are Americans that different from Germans or Canadians or even South Koreans ? 
If you want to know why independents do n't respond to your line of thinking perhaps it 's because it does not agree with real world data . 
Obama was unaware that he ever said this . 
And this is why Putin is always backpedaling . 
`` Please come to our Olympics I promise not to enforce the anti-gay law while you stay. `` 
We need the money to get out of our 2 generation long economic depression . 
I do n't approve of the language in the last panel , but otherwise man that 's dead on for the absurdity of what 's believed on the whole thing . 
and in comes the `` let 's see you live off of $ 1200 a month ! `` 
posters ... ... ... ... ... . 
Hint : **THAT 'S NOT THE POINT** 
[ deleted ] 
Td ; lr- please read it I beg of you . 
This is new and extremely fucked up ... . And it makes me more then angry . 
The part of the public that 's actually thinking know that this is going to cause so much more harm then good . 
They want control they should n't have and Money they do n't need . 
We all know they were messing up this country before Obama care but Obama care just takes the cake on the stupidity and shows how much fucking control they really want . 
I keep saying control because they want everyone to depend and follow but the smart ( like us ) will refuse . 
We are the strong and the willing . 
We know that but Obama uses his office and the name of the president in a way that would make our founding fathers furious as well as many men in history . 
People like MLK and Abraham Lincoln . 
Obama uses race for political gain and not as an actual issue unlike the two men from above . 
Obama wipes his ass with the constitution because he wants to be king . 
He 's a liar and he 's never kept a promise in office . 
He 's never done anything of wealth to this country like he said he would . 
Jobs ? 
Debt ? 
Taxes ? 
No ! 
NO ! 
**NO ! 
** fuck him ! ! ! ! 
! 
Checkmate ! 
Why the fuck does no one use science to refute the climate reports ? 
The Wikipedia page makes it seem like the liberals are right on this and most scientists ( according to articles ) do too . 
Everyone argues that there is no causation , but why is n't there a website or an article that just clearly demonstrates it so that we can end the discussion once and for all . 
& gt ; Holder has already been held in criminal contempt of Congress , by a vote of 255-67 , which included 17 Democrats in support ... That 's very telling . 
Holder has deserved to lose his job ( probably along with a nice little lengthy prison sentence ) for a long time . 
What President in US history would not fire their AG after being held criminally in contempt of Congress ? 
I 've been saying for a few years that Holder has real dirt on Obama . 
The kind that would bring his Presidency down by the end of the day . 
We can only speculate what that might be , but I can think of no other reason for Obama to keep Holder around for another second . 
Probably the embassy had insufficient bomb protection . 
Head tilt , arms crossed , head shaking , blinking patterns , swaying back and forth . 
Guy really needs to learn how to keep his composure when he lies . 
And rofl at sebelius `` 5 dollars not a dollar '' . 
A Blaze article summed it up pretty well , `` Obamacare is n't about health care at all . 
It 's about bankrupting the middle class and getting them addicted to government dependency '' 
Hey , NYC just elected a Socialist . 
San Francisco is full of them as well . 
Another interesting thing is that it follows from their study that among listed means of stimulating job creation cutting payroll taxes is the cheapest way to create jobs . 
I would be more open to believing the House is a closer representation of the peoples ' will when the district borders are drawn by an independent body . 
He 's not clueless , he 's just a pathological liar . 
From the article : * '' I think , for a large part of the population , rates are going to go up anyway under the Affordable Care Act . 
`` * In what years over the past 15-20 or so have health insurance rates NOT gone up ? 
You boneheads . 
Have n't you figured it out by now ? 
It 's only acceptable to be a hypocrite if you 're a Democrat . 
A pity that this did n't happen a year ago ... 
This is ridiculous . 
As an IT person working in the government ( I 'm a contractor ) , it depends on the function of the website . 
For example a sharepoint site like http : //www . 
eur . 
army . 
mil/ relies on GS civilians ( who are likely furloughed ) to maintain its content ( a function called knowledge management ) . 
Secondly , an external facing government website is certainly not cheap to maintain , the costs of a SQL cluster that 's capable of handling the requests alone ( think HVAC , power , physical enclave protection , backup requirements , threat management such as IDS and IPS , and the personnel who maintain it ) is quite extraordinary indeed . 
If the purpose of the site is simply to act as a source of information then obviously it can just continue running , but most sites offer service requests that need to be handled by actual government workers . 
It 's a legitimate issue , not some manufactured problem to make it `` seem '' like a government shutdown is more problematic than it actually is . 
Obama is a bastard . 
But , But , he is the MESSiah , he can do no wrong ! 
Why is it more significant that the Pope is targeted than other world leaders ? 
Remember when everyone 's response to repealing the ACA was `` You ca n't change it ! 
It 's the law ! 
`` ... .. Ohhhh Obama . 
Typical agenda driven garbage from Slate . 
Way to stick to the narrative guys , even when it contradicts that `` artificial construct '' we sane people refer to as “reality. `` 
Fucking hacks ... ... . All anyone needs to know about Slate 's credibility is that they actually employ that mental midget Matt Yglesias Edit : Anyone think they could let me how to insert links to other reddit posts in a comment ? 
I 'm using redditisfun and have no clue . 
Wo n't even let me paste a url 
Fuck this racist whore . 
I 'm so sick of the race card being pulled anytime someone calls out how awful the president is . 
Rounding up . 
good . 
very good . 
he needs to be gone . 
Theatrics . 
You have to understand that in the mind of a liberal , liberalism is so obviously correct that no one can possibly disagree with them on policy . 
If people hate a liberal president , they must have other reasons . 
They must either be racist , ignorant , greedy , paid off by the Koch brothers , etc . 
Because reality really does have a liberal bias . 
Seriously , ask a liberal , they 'll tell you . 
If you like your lies , you can repeat your lies . 
About time he grew a backbone . 
Does n't she have better things to do ? 
Like make up pretend stories about how people in some expensive , exclusive store were racist ? 
Not sure how you can claim to be a conservative and approve of one of the most liberal presidents that we have ever had.. 
He told her that the law was not a factor in Trayvon 's death . 
And that many African Americans used the law to protect their homes and families . 
I just do n't have the money for it . 
If I did , would n't I already have insurance ? 
Obamacare is basically saying that the reason nobody has insurance is that nobody is forced to buy it yet . 
It 's like a toddler is running the country . 
[ deleted ] 
That is a pretty brave move consider they are his employer ; pretty impressive . 
& gt ; Let’s get this straight : It is not throwing people under the bus to disagree with a relative — even if the relative lives out something you oppose . 
This is wrong . 
Being gay is not something you `` live out '' . 
It is something you either are or are not . 
& gt ; Imagine a person who opposes unwed motherhood ... imagine that this person has an unwed sister who did get pregnant and is now an unwed mother . 
Do you deny that such a person can love their sister even while opposing unwed motherhood ? 
Certainly not . 
However , this is situation is not at all analogous to having a gay sibling and being against marriage equality . 
If you are against unwed motherhood , you are against women becoming unwed mothers - not for the oppression of unwed mothers . 
Imagine if people were lobbying for prohibiting unwed mothers from ever getting married ! 
Do you think you could be considered loving and compassionate towards your unwed sister if you maintained a belief such as that ? 
& gt ; Or do you believe that if one loves a family member , one must cease holding any conviction that runs against that family member’s behavior ? 
That continuing to hold that conviction means throwing the family member under the bus ? 
Being gay is n't a `` behavior '' . 
& gt ; Do you believe that it is morally acceptable for all gays to stop speaking to their siblings — one of the worst things a person can do to a sibling and to one’s parents — solely because the sibling believes in the man-woman definition of marriage ? 
No , not solely . 
& gt ; When a Jewish or Catholic parent or sibling speaks out against interfaith marriage , should the intermarried member of the family stop speaking to that parent or sibling ? 
At some point , if the family does n't get over it and accept it ( or at least stop making a big deal of it ) , then yes . 
Besides , nobody is trying to make it illegal for Jews to marry Catholics . 
And if you get offended that someone does n't ? 
Really ? 
Hillary 's Achille 's Heel is a conspiracy theory ? 
I thought it was her policies ... 
It sounds like he is arguing against Obama care . 
The actual paper does n't look nearly as bad ... if that matters . 
The house becomes illegitimate when the majority of the house believes one thing and the speaker of the house refuses to let them vote . 
This is funny , but it 's not going on the offensive . 
If the GOP went on the offensive , they would be making a full court press with the message that this President lied . 
They would tell Americans that Ted Cruz tried to save them from what the ACA is doing to them . 
They would have an alternative plan that is reasonable and modest and they would be out there selling it . 
Instead , they 're fighting amongst themselves and letting Democrats off the hook . 
Adam Carolla boils it down to Stupid or Liar . 
Removing Obamacare at this point would be absolutely disastrous for states that have expanded Medicaid . 
Those states would be responsible for footing the bill without federal aid . 
Would be an interesting position for Democrats in those states , having to either face billions in deficit or scaling back Medicaid . 
He does n't look act like a leader . 
He reminds me of a spoiled child who is used to getting things his way and is throwing a tantrum because he did n't get his way for once . 
& gt ; Since this is a conservative forum would it not be in the interest to conserve our environment as well ? 
Yes , however it is also conservative to question a science based quasi religion emanating from a political agenda and outright lies and repression of contradictory data as well . 
Of course he was right . 
Anybody with a brain who followed the election could have seen how Romney had a great grasp on how to help the nation recover economically , how to stimulate job growth , how to take care of foreign relations . 
But apparently people in America did n't want that . 
They did n't want someone who knew what they were doing . 
People were too busy shoveling free healthcare into everyone 's butts , they were distracted in Obama-land and thought Obama could do no wrong . 
This is what happens when you blindly follow leaders no matter what . 
It 's what happens when you vote with your heart instead of your brain . 
And now the people that voted for this douchebag are single-handedly responsible for making this great nations people look like a bunch of idiots . 
McCain and Obama . 
Not too dissimilar in this aspect . 
I wish people worked for what is right and not what they think will get them re-elected . 
politics . 
C'est la vie . 
& gt ; Basically , if you speak out , if you are quoted , you’re going to get a call from the White House , pressure to be quiet . 
Several sources tell me and my colleague Chris Frates that insurance executives are being told to keep quiet , ” said Griffin , adding , **“Sources ( are ) telling us they fear White House retribution . 
** 
The singular accomplishment of George W that the Left approved of was his passage of the Prescription Drug subsidy for seniors . 
Believe it or not , that program now has more unfunded liabilities than Social Security . 
www . 
usdebtclock . 
org ( bottom of the page ) 
__“I am so disappointed , ” wrote one woman . 
“These prices are outrageous and there are huge deductibles . 
No one can afford this ! 
” The comment received 169 “likes . 
”__ Remember , you demanded this monstrosity and ridiculed us for warning you it would be like this . 
Well , now you have it . 
You better get un-disappointed . 
It 's now the law . 
You have to pay it . 
I think that 's a very diplomatic way to put it . 
This guy really contradicts himself in his own article . 
He 's pushing the view that Republicans , and specifically the Tea Party , are to blame for the shut down , and yet all his citations indicate the opposite . 
He acknowledges that President Obama , Harry Reid and , by extension , the Senate absolutely refuse to agree to anything other than unconditional agreement from the House . 
He goes on to acknowledge the several attempts at compromise that the House has made . 
He even acknowledges that the measures the House is trying to extract from the Senate are a reflection of the will of the people ( such as the medical device tax repeal. ) 
And yet , after all of that , he suddenly blames the Tea Party for the shut down . 
It honestly took me by surprise , because up until that point everything he had said seemed sympathetic to the House and Republicans . 
This is exactly what the rest of the press is doing right now , running defense for the Democrats and pinning the blame , unfairly and inaccurately , on the House and Republicans . 
He is a fat sack of shit . 
As a doctor , the film `` sicko '' made me so mad I had to watch it in segments . 
The liberals eat up his garbage . 
From the article : '' How many of the millions who had their policies cancelled have scheduled surgery or chemotherapy in early January. `` 
I feel so bad for the people who are having to deal with this over the Holidays . 
I also angers me to hear the President and his Administration callously make statements about it only affecting a small percentage of the people . 
Yet another lie . 
Funny - the hive known as r/politics is all kinds of flustered . 
They did it to themselves . 
97 % scientists can agree but I wonder what the actual severity is . 
I 'm all for putting money to helping our earth , if we care about all of our politics and whatever , why do n't we care about our earth . 
But I actually was watching Al Gore 's An Unfortunate Truth a few years back and to me , the data actually looked like `` Yes , there was global warming '' but also that it was n't severe . 
For example , one of the most prominent parts of the film , Gore uses data from 500-700 years ago compared to now in terms of temperature . 
There 's only 1 problem . 
500-700 years ago was the middle of a miniature ice-age . 
There 's also another problem . 
If you graph the amount of CO2 in our atmosphere with the total amount of people living in the world , you get a ridiculously similar curve . 
( Even when population goes down CO2 goes down ) So perhaps the increased CO2 levels are less a pollution problem and more a population problem . 
Do note we have so much more people in the world now than ever before . 
Who is to say that once the population levels off the CO2 wo n't follow ? 
The concept of global warming ( heat being trapped in our atmosphere through greenhouse gases ) is most likely correct , but what I would argue is actual cause of global warming . 
Of course , I will always support limiting pollution , it 's just that I would rather have the whole truth , not just the parts of it that are inconvenient . 
We 're now significantly safer than when Al Qaeda was operating with impunity in Afghanistan . 
Wow . 
Please use black outline around white text , or else it is difficult to read . 
Just like Clarence Thomas said : if a black man comes out and says something that differs from the democrats 's script then they will do everything in their power to destroy that man . 
These are the tactics used by stalin et al `` in the name of the people '' and a product of communist thought . 
to ensure that maximum political capture of a certain community is achieved , any dissent must be brutally quashed and any individuals who are not captured must be portrayed as not having been part of that community or identity in the first place , or else the entire narrative becomes suspect . 
I think in her mind , she believes this is the truth . 
She does n't think that welfare or food stamps or whatever are handouts . 
She thinks it 's an expression of compassion , a mini-stimulus package , a moral obligation , a great service to the community . 
She does n't think it 's a handout because people deserve it . 
If you deserve something , how can I be giving handouts away ? 
We often assume we are both using the same dictionary and unfortunately , that is not longer a safe assumption . 
I do n't understand this sub . 
All the posts are the most lame knee-jerky conservative memes and images I 've ever seen , but the top post is usually surprisingly moderate . 
I mean , come on , no one thinks either government ( big or small ) or capitalism by themselves is the solution to everything ... 
Another dishonest Leftoid . 
& gt ; A manager and the restaurant owner insisted they had the original ticket for the $ 93 . 
55 charge , but would not produce the receipt for NBC 4 New York and could not explain why the family 's credit card was charged for more . 
I hate to ruin this for you all , but Child Health Plus has no income standards or guidelines . 
All children are eligible for the program and the cost is a sliding scale ( working poor pay less ) . 
If this child has lost insurance its because a ) They did n't renew their coverage b ) They did n't pay their premium . 
I do n't see a source which makes me doubt this . 
Also the title is misleading . 
76 % of Dems want Obama to compromise while 78 % of Republicans want the Republicans to compromise 
This article is n't going to convince anyone of anything . 
Thinking people knew that Obama was a big phony all along . 
Obama supporters are n't open-minded enough to entertain the thought of something remotely critical of The Messiah™ . 
Yes 
I 'm watching the House oversight committee hearing about this right now . 
The excuses for this site are just shockingly stupid . 
What 's 100 % - 53 % ? 
If bending over backwards means not negotiating then heck anyone can do this job . 
nealski77 for President ! ... 
when I 'm old enough to run ... 
& gt ; “If it was on the floor , they would do it , ” he says . 
“Put it this way , two thirds want a clean CR . 
” & gt ; He adds : “Including some of the people who got elected as tea-party candidates from the South . 
You talk to them , they think this is crazy . 
” and [ two thirds of House GOP would support a clean CR ] ( http : //www . 
nationalreview . 
com/corner/359957/king-two-thirds-house-republicans-would-support-clean-cr-betsy-woodruff ) . 
And it 's still a more efficient idea than Obama 's unaffordable health care . 
Democrats know that if they back down now they will lose the presidency in 2016 and congress for the foreseeable future . 
They 're not dumb , and they know the media will continue to cover for them . 
They will ride this out and use distractions to make certain the public does n't know how big of a failure it is . 
It will ultimately be blamed on Republicans , because it was obviously a `` Republican idea '' . 
It 's funny because everyone on Reddit said `` deal with it '' when he got a second term , and I will feel no pity for them when they go broke because of this stupid bill . 
Fuck the Chicoms what about our allies ? 
What a cluster fuck . 
lol is this real life ? 
I 'm sure he checked their ID to make sure they were old enough to pass muster . 
I think you nailed it . 
I am so convinced I am correct I can not fathom how anyone could disagree . 
I exist in an echo chamber because even hearing other perspective is so upsetting . 
In my mind , the world has a liberal bias and I skew everything to suit my views . 
I want socialized medicine , therefore hooray obamacare . 
Obamacare is a failure , therefore it was a conservative idea and Obama 's failures are all due to his strong conservatism . 
Do n't get me wrong , we are all guilty of the first paragraph to some degree , the second paragraph is an example I have seen in /r/politics to make sure we all know exactly what I am talking about . 
Lol , truth is stranger than fiction . 
Alternate headline : 54 % Have Their Heads Up Their Asses . 
It is funny how the two senators talking when they thought the mic was off made it to the front page . 
Even though they did n't say anything to scandalous . 
Yet this video will probably only be seen in conservative subs . 
Have n't we suffered enough ? 
& gt ; In Nashville , a 25-year old making $ 25,500 will not qualify for a subsidy I lived in Nashville when I was 25 , making a similar amount . 
The cost of living in Nashville is relatively high . 
$ 25,000 is just enough money to live hand-to-mouth if you live frugally , and that would have been in 1995 . 
The ACA is simply not going to work mathematically . 
The whole house of cards is built upon young people paying outrageous premiums for insurance with a deductible so high as to render it virtually useless to the average 25-year-old . 
They 're simply not going to buy it . 
They can not afford it , and even if they could , are they going to pay $ 350 every month of their already meager income on a product that they do not need or want , or are they going to spend it buying drinks and any of the hundreds of bars that dot the city ? 
So we 're believing Iran to discredit Obama now ? 
I do n't like him as much as the next conservative ... 
But come on ... 
Huntsville has the highest number of PhDs of any city and is a lovely place to live . 
[ Downtown Huntsville Big Spring Park ] ( http : //i . 
imgur . 
com/wXLNsvU . 
png ) 
Even his punctuation are lies . 
It says much when I am more likely to believe liars in Iran over the liars in the White House . 
I smell /r/conspiracy horseshit . 
I ducked into /r/politics to see what they were saying about Obamacare . 
Did you know that Obamacare was drafted entirely by Republicans and forced on a poor unwilling Obama ? 
The level of delusion over there is mind-boggling . 
Wow , what a concept ! 
People looking to save money on taxes and housing ? 
Nah , ca n't possibly happen . 
And then they move to a State with lower taxes and do the same damn thing , voting to increase taxes based on bullshit ads on TV . 
Maybe an unpopular opinion but I thought Trayvon was standing his ground . 
George pursued based on suspicion and Trayvon stood his ground . 
If some crazy dude was following me at night you better believe I 'm confronting him ... 
I 'm not going to be intimidated by some asshole who might be trying to mug me . 
It 's a perfect metaphor for everything surrounding Obama . 
*Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain ! 
* 
Can not both sides agree that people like Suzanne Somers and Susan Sarandon should be rightfully ignored when they comment on anything of substance ? 
`` Going nuclear '' is a very dangerous option for the Democrats . 
First off , it proves they can not pass legislation without changing the rules . 
Compromise and consideration are the way things have been done for hundreds of years , by changing the filibuster rules , the Dems are admitting they can not pass legislation that involves compromise . 
Secondly , they are being short sighted . 
When the pendulum swings back to the right , and it will , they will have given away the only means they have of stopping or slowing appointment candidates they oppose . 
The Democrats are setting themselves up for a monumental fall . 
IRS agents should be all over this . 
Do n't worry ! 
If not , I am sure the FBI will take a peek . 
This morning , as I was in that stage of waking that is in between sleep and wakefulness , I wondered if he would declare a national emergency and exercise his authority to shut down the Internet . 
Unfortunately , Congress gave him that power , and if he 's desperate enough to shut down the ocean , what 's next ? 
Wow did n't even notice that at first . 
The colors are all weird he almost looks hispanic . 
I work in mortgage lending . 
We have about 50 Rural Development homebuyers who ca n't proceed with their purchase because of the shutdown . 
Now they have to try to find someplace to stay until this mess is worked out . 
It 's a shame 
So she 's against us ? 
I believe this is going to be the tip of the iceberg for the conservative win . 
A few comments if you will . 
Unregulated capitalism pushes towards slavery . 
Most amount of profit , least amount of overhead . 
Employee wages is one of the biggest costs a business has . 
Reduce wages , maximize profit , etc . 
So on the extreme end , it is pushing towards slavery . 
Over-regulated capitalism stagnates business . 
Rise of operation costs also contributes to the reduction of employee wages to compensate for the loss it takes in operations . 
Common sense regulation is what we need . 
Not too much , not too little . 
Once it reaches that plateau , **stop piling on more fucking regulations** . 
Do n't fix what is n't broken . 
Oh the hell with all of this crap . 
I am so tired of some idiot deciding that `` something '' is Racist . 
Sexist , Homophobic . 
They need to find something to do that has at least a bit of importance . 
`` Alarmism '' Really ? 
How many -isms do you have to make up ? 
& gt ; “To be completely clear , you don’t have to be a man to have a prostate , and you don’t have to have a prostate to be a man , ” 😄 
If Obama had a son he would ... ... . oh sorry , he would n't so obviously that fuckhead in the crackhouse wo n't care . 
BUUUUULLLLLLSHIIIIIIIIIIT 
All public employees are leaches that suck on America and hurt private industry . 
These prisons should be privatized . 
The captain went down with the ship , Obama throws people under the bus 
Link to the supposed video ? 
Part of me thinks `` serves them right for living in San Fransisco '' while another part of me wonders how it 's possible for a city to pass laws like this . 
Is n't this a state level issue , what gives a city this authority ? 
Who has a 40 % approval rating ? 
, that guy right there . 
LOLOLOLOLOLOL 
It 's much easier to beg for forgiveness than ask for permission . 
The deification of Reagan did n't occur until quite awhile after he had left office . 
People naturally compare the current president to previous ones they can remember and none have really measured up . 
Both sides are slamming Obama now not even a year after his re-election and it seems everything he does just adds more fuel to the fire . 
This was an excellent read , and the headline is right . 
This is what SHOULD have been reported all along . 
Also , given your belligerence on the topic , I assume you are christian . 
Perhaps you should read the bible to discover how it feels about swearing . 
Seriously , Piers ' debate style is awful . 
He tries to get his guests to focus on some small insignificant statistic in order to distract them long enough so it appears he is winning . 
I love how they play up the greyness in his hair . 
The man 's got a lot more grey than he once did , but come on now . 
& gt ; Rosenbaum was born into a Jewish family in New York City , New York and grew up in Bay Shore , New York . 
He graduated from Yale University in 1968 and won a Carnegie Fellowship to attend Yale 's graduate program in English Literature , though he dropped out after taking one course . 
Why is it always Jewish leftists spreading hate and fear with their anti-white propaganda ? 
This is a pretty interesting argument , I 've never heard it before . 
It would be interesting to me to hear one of the fairly rabid pro-choicers attempt to respond to this dilemma . 
Just wondering what you all think of this . 
Personally I 'm hugely surprised 
Is n't he still murdering journalists ? 
The memorial plaque above a future Obama library will simply say `` you 're racist '' 
Disclaimer : not mine , I just found it . 
I wondered when this was going to be revisited . 
This and to `` bend the curve '' were the reasons that Obamacare was being sold to the American public . 
I guess he never said which way the curve was going to be bent though , but if history can teach us something , every spending curve is bent upwards under the Democrats . 
Obama does n't really have any international clout left . 
Our allies do n't trust him and our enemies think he 's an incompetent weakling . 
That 's some fine foreign policy work there , Mr. President . 
Probably the most pitiful trend is an individual who wants to be referred to as `` they. `` 
Are we talking Legion here or what ? 
Alabama here . 
My kids ' school was closed and it was a work holiday for me . 
For some reason , one that I ca n't think of , this is a bad thing . 
Great piece . 
The most important part is that there seems to be a consensus among Latinos in this country that government ought to play more of a role in citizens ' lives than it does now . 
No amount of Catholic identity politics can overcome that . 
Mustaches ca n't be sexist , I knew a girl in high school who had one ... 
He keeps changing : '' The average family will save $ 2500 per year. `` 
`` A typical family ... `` '' Most American families ... `` '' Saving most all American families ... `` 
demorats make me sick 
[ deleted ] 
From the same writer who claimed that economically Obama is the best President ever . 
He has almost as much credibility as [ this guy ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=4OBN9Qilu8Y ) , but not quite . 
I think this will be a bit different from the Syria situation . 
This time it 's more personal , not only because the ACA is considered Obama 's main `` achievement '' , but now he has something to prove too . 
The Democrats think that Obama should and will stand strong against these noble efforts by GOP representatives . 
They truly think that should the government shut down , it will be a big win for them politcally because the public will blame republicans . 
It 's all for show . 
The servers used for syncing computer clocks over the internet still work . 
The NIST radio signals used for radio clocks , etc are still on the air . 
Why is this only posted in Conservative ? 
Are all the other people on this site not interested in knowing how this stuff is being run ? 
Do they think turning their heads and looking the other way and acting like this is n't happening is a way to save their credibility ? 
Because it 's not . 
I 'm an atheist , and I 'm happy to say and hear `` Merry Christmas '' . 
Besides , anyone who thinks celebrating Christmas necessarily has anything to do with religion has n't been paying attention . 
I celebrate it . 
I do n't view it as an expression of religion any more than drinking wine is ; some people do it as a religious act , others just do it . 
http : //www . 
washingtonpost . 
com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/10/29/this-is-why-obamacare-is-cancelling-some-peoples-insurance-plans/ 
Watching him now just reminds me of how much the media tried to make him out to be Hitler . 
what a great titled website . 
When ever I read the word *pro-abortion* I know the author and article is pure garbage . 
Would anyone have expected the full truth from this administration ? 
Would not surprise me a bit if they had decided that Arizona could be the test site for Iranian detonations , considering how much trouble Arizona has caused this administration . 
I wonder how this compares to politicians overall 
There are *way* more reasons than politics 
What this guy wants is single-payer . 
This part of the original was left out of the Poor Richard piece : & gt ; Supporters of Obamacare note that young people have been footing the bill for the older generation for decades through programs like Social Security and Medicare . 
You pay when you’re young and reap the benefits as you grow older . 
& gt ; Both of those programs , however , are public , with no profit motive . 
They are both funded by payroll taxes , which , when I see them deducted every month , I don’t have to worry about them being funneled to the pockets of greedy insurance CEOs through creative accounting measures . 
See , according to this enlightened liberal , the real problem here is that the ACA is n't more like Social Security or Medicare . 
Those damn greedy CEOs are the ones to blame . 
Nevermind the fact that , in all probability , there will be nothing left of Social Security by the time this 34-year-old tries to `` reap the benefits. `` 
Im sure that everyone losing their healthcare are the hard workers who earned it . 
This way the liberals are getting more people onto the government plantation using the `` Oh you want to kill grandma because your evil and dont care about the people '' tactic . 
Another step to communism/socialism . 
Just what the Democrats want . 
The American people will never knowingly adopt socialism . 
But , under the name of ‘liberalism , ’ they will adopt every fragment of the socialist program , until one day America will be a socialist nation , without knowing how it happened . 
-Norman Thomas , U. S. Socialist Party presidential candidate 1940 , 1944 and 1948 
http : //www . 
livememe . 
com/slax9kx 
I do n't think either side can claim to know the truth . 
Models used in the IPCC report were all wrong and did n't predict this current pause . 
Increases in extreme weather have not occurred . 
Hurricanes are not increasing in frequency and severity . 
We obviously do n't have the science down yet . 
Yet , there has been a trend upwards suggesting future warming . 
We just do n't know yet 
Meh ... nothing new here . 
I pretty much read this as * '' US politician is n't 100 % honest , and/or does n't believe the same thing that I do . 
`` * I 'm sure that a similar article could be written about any politician from any party with any sort of work history . 
As an independent voter , articles like this really turn me off ( from either side ) . 
I 'd like to see less grumbling about what someone else did , and more productive ideas brought to the table . 
Take Obamacare as an example . 
I 'm all for revising it , or completely ditching it for a better idea . 
However , I 'm not for repealing it before we decide what to do instead of it . 
It may not be the most effective piece of legislation , but it does at least address the issues of making insurance available for people with preexisting conditions and those who do n't get insurance through their employers . 
Lessons : 1 . 
Obama was telling the truth that you can keep your current doctor . 
2 . 
Obama was telling the truth that you can get coverage even with a preexisting condition . 
Obama never promised prices would n't go up by an order of magnitude . 
My healthcare costs over the past 5 years total $ 190 . 
With the cheapest insurance I can currently find , that would be $ 18,190 . 
The deductibles are so high they do n't even cover anything . 
What was it Jefferson said about a long train of abuses and usurpations ? 
What 's wrong with dissenting views ? 
What good does it do for anyone , on either side , to surround themselves with only people who agree with them ? 
Is n't that why the problem of partisanship exists in the first place ? 
These people are simply tyrannical . 
How well do you think this will play out in the 2014 elections and beyond , since it is apparent that despite the denials , it is the Senate Dems and Obama who is determining how long this lasts , and who is impacted . 
For them to make `` This as painful as possible '' is simply not the way we should be expecting our government to treat the citizens . 
Sadly I think people that voted for this guy would not be swayed by this video . 
They just do n't care . 
They 're ashamed and embarrassed , duh . 
All the more reason to use it of course . 
But to be honest they 're built into insurance companies 
This is to downsize the military into a force unable to protect US interests . 
You see , every dollar that is spent killing terrorists is a dollar that is not spent paying someone not to work or spent on abortions . 
The law ( ACA ) was passed by the legislature , approved by the president , and held up by the supreme court . 
No matter how opposed to it they are , holding the government hostage over it makes the republicans look like cry-babies . 
Spin it however you want . 
I looked into this . 
When the ACA was enacted , existing plans were grandfathered in . 
You could keep your old plan , even if it did n't conform to any of the new regulations ( coverage for pre-existing conditions , no denial of care for specific conditions , mandated coverage of hospitalization costs etc ) UNLESS the insurer changed the plan as it was in 2010 in any of a variety of ways , including increasing premiums , decreasing percentage of premiums returned in care , decreasing employer contributions , and others . 
Of course , in the three intervening years , almost every plan has had a premium increase of some kind , so unless your plan was a ) already compliant or b ) not compliant but *almost entirely unchanged* from 2010 , you 'll need to get a new plan . 
I 'd call it 'half true , ' because you would be allowed to keep the plan from 2010 unless the insurance company changed it , but the law was written in such a way that it was essentially impossible for an insurance company to avoid losing grandfather status on its plans . 
On the one hand , it 's unfortunate that plans people were happy with are no longer valid , but on the other , it would 've been impossible to accomplish the goals of the ACA ( comprehensive care for all Americans ) if noncompliant , noncomprehensive plans had been grandfathered en masse . 
I got told this very same thing in my service learning class at college . 
They 've done it with continuing resolutions that used the one time exception spending in fy 2009 as a new base-line for deficits $ 1Trillion a year over trend . 
The republicans have tried to reign it in but the howls over the haircut have been deafening . 
FY 2009 was inflated by the TARP loans ( which were repaid with interest but then respent by the Obama administration ) and the one-time bail-outs of the GSEs . 
In truth we should have reverted to deficits in the low hundred billions and with the withdrawal from Iraq ( orchastrated by Team Bush ) and draw-down in Afghanistan we should be close to surplus . 
All those savings though have been redirected into on-going domestic spending . 
Here 's a chart to illustrate : http : //i . 
imgur . 
com/raEhBwP . 
jpg 
Bill Maher you are a stupid piece of shit . 
Holy shit this was not only the most annoying thing but the most disgusting thing I 've ever seen . 
is this going to be a trend ? 
Are we seeing dems jump the Obama ship because they know it is going to sink ? 
Or perhaps he is doing it to possibly get Hillary back into a better light with the public ( the connection being the association of husband and wife between the two ) 
[ deleted ] 
`` we 're not going to go house to house and take your little phallic guns away , we just want responsible gun control ... ... `` . 
Well ? 
there went that . 
6 down votes ... what pukes , go on and get back with dem dogs over at r/politics ! 
The media should be ashamed with themselves . 
Yes , there are . 
I 'm atheist and am against same-sex marriage ( as far as the government is involved ) because gay couples can not reproduce naturally . 
There 's a lot of nuance to my opinion , but that 's the gist . 
It 's not a new argument , and has been addressed by courts of law on several occasions ( with varying results ) . 
EDIT : It 's funny how gay marriage proponents on reddit try to silence the opposition by downvoting , and then they turn around and say `` there are no good reasons against gay marriage. `` 
Totalitarianism is inherently socialist , whether it is fascist or communist . 
The socialists would have us go down the road of the Weimar Republic . 
Many are unaware that Hitler had little to do to take total control after he won power - the creeping socialism of the past era had already placed directly or indirectly every sphere of Germany under the control of the state . 
The posted deficit is approximately 4 % of GDP . 
[ Reagan had a deficit larger than 4 % in four of the years he was president ] ( http : //traxel . 
com/deficit/deficit-percentage-50-years . 
png ) , and Bush senior in 2 , so having 4 % now in the wake of a huge financial crisis it is not extraordinarily high . 
I am too lazy to look up the numbers for Bush Junior , but you know he did n't care at all about the budget deficit . 
But I do agree that it would be much better if we did not have the underlying drivers of the deficit . 
Here I am specifically talking about the unpaid expenses which were not forced ( unlike the fall in revenues from the 2008 crisis , say ) , specifically the very unfunded Medicare part D expansion , the unfunded wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and Bush 's unfunded tax cut for the rich . 
There is simply no excuse for such ridiculously spendthrift non-Conservative policy . 
To see how the current debt and deficit had looked without these factors , look at http : //i . 
bnet . 
com/blogs/cbppchart2 . 
png from [ cbsnews ] ( http : //www . 
cbsnews . 
com/8301-505123_162-43554480/wake-up-america-spending-and-tax-cuts-wont-save-the-economy/ ) . 
Clearly the people in power who passed these measures were not Conservatives ! 
I respectfully disagree . 
I do n't think Martin Luther King is more important than our vets or unions ( Labor day ) . 
I mean , really ? 
Labor Day ? 
The intellectual disconnect there is astounding . 
I think this letter is making a very cogent point . 
Sweet ! 
Once he realizes he was caught he started acting like such a tool . 
I want to sucker punch that guy in the face . 
Agreed , hopefully the alarmists will figure that out and stop putting out reports that are based more an politics than science . 
She 's not calling you a racist . 
She says that there are racists in this country ( true ) who do n't like Obama because he 's black . 
Does she not remember how Bush and the Office of the President was treated with contempt by the liberal media and comedians ? 
I wonder how he 's going to feel when he hands over the keys to a `` teabagger '' in 3 years . 
Clearly , Oprah was embraced by white America and was so successful because people are racists . 
Yea , it 's kinda petty but in his defense ... some of them have tea bags hanging off their hats and clothes 
My wife and I have been trying to have a baby for nearly two years now . 
Our first pregnancy ended in a miscarriage recently . 
It 's tough , but I got angry when her coworkers offered us their sympathy . 
Every last one of them is adamantly pro-abortion . 
I do n't feel they can be sad when we lose an 8 week old baby , but if we were to abort an 8 week old baby they would champion it . 
Which is it ? 
Is an 8 week old baby dying sad or not ? 
Why when it 's unintentional it 's a tragic loss of life , yet when it 's on purpose it 's `` her body '' and a meaningless fetus ? 
He acts like he 's genuinely surprised that Obama lied . 
See ... this is why we do n't believe him when he says he 's not going to take our guns . 
He 's a liar , and he would if he could . 
The ONLY reason he is n't going to take our guns , is because we wo n't let him . 
Liberals are so naive . 
Hate to break it to you , but Reid is not even close to being the only hypocrite in Washington : 1 . 
Mitch McConnell ( KY ) “Any President’s judicial nominees should receive careful consideration . 
But after that debate , they deserve a simple up-or-down vote” ( 5/19/05 ) . 
“Let 's get back to the way the Senate operated for over 200 years , up or down votes on the president 's nominee , no matter who the president is , no matter who 's in control of the Senate” ( 5/22/05 ) . 
2 . 
John Cornyn ( TX ) “ [ F ] ilibusters of judicial nominations are uniquely offensive to our nation’s constitutional design” ( 6/4/03 ) . 
“ [ M ] embers of this distinguished body have long and consistently obeyed an unwritten rule not to block the confirmation of judicial nominees by filibuster . 
But , this Senate tradition , this unwritten rule has now been broken and it is crucial that we find a way to ensure the rule won’t be broken in the future” ( 6/5/03 ) . 
3 . 
Lamar Alexander ( TN ) “If there is a Democratic President and I am in this body , and if he nominates a judge , I will never vote to deny a vote on that judge” ( 3/11/03 ) . 
“I would never filibuster any President 's judicial nominee . 
Period” ( 6/9/05 ) . 
4 . 
John McCain ( AZ ) “I’ve always believed that [ judicial nominees deserve yes-or-no votes ] . 
There has to be extraordinary circumstances to vote against them . 
Elections have consequences” ( 6/18/13 ) . 
5 . 
Chuck Grassley ( IA ) “It would be a real constitutional crisis if we up the confirmation of judges from 51 to 60” ( 2/11/03 ) . 
“ [ W ] e can’t find anywhere in the Constitution that says a supermajority is needed for confirmation” ( 5/8/05 ) . 
6 . 
Saxby Chambliss ( GA ) “I believe [ filibustering judicial nominees ] is in violation of the Constitution” ( 4/13/05 ) . 
7 . 
Lindsey Graham ( SC ) “I think filibustering judges will destroy the judiciary over time . 
I think it’s unconstitutional” ( 5/23/05 ) . 
8 . 
Johnny Isakson ( GA ) “I will vote to support a vote , up or down , on every nominee . 
Understanding that , were I in the minority party and the issues reversed , I would take exactly the same position because this document , our Constitution , does not equivocate” ( 5/19/05 ) . 
9 . 
James Inhofe ( OK ) “This outrageous grab for power by the Senate minority is wrong and contrary to our oath to support and defend the Constitution” ( 3/11/03 ) . 
10 . 
Mike Crapo ( ID ) “ [ T ] he Constitution requires the Senate to hold up-or-down votes on all nominees” ( 5/25/05 ) . 
11 . 
Richard Shelby ( AL ) “Why not allow the President to do his job of selecting judicial nominees and let us do our job in confirming or denying them ? 
Principles of fairness call for it and the Constitution requires it” ( 11/12/03 ) . 
12 . 
Orrin Hatch ( UT ) * Filibustering judicial nominees is “unfair , dangerous , partisan , and unconstitutional” ( 1/12/05 ) . 
Describes govt run programs in a nutshell 
My SO works for largest healthcare insurance companies in the state and she always corrected me to say Affordable Healthcare Act . 
When the `` fix '' took place last week it was the first time she called it ObamaCare . 
She 's a democrat and it made me chuckle when she mentioned it . 
Edit : Forgot to mention she was the one responsible of designing a plan to meet the requirements of AHA . 
They should move him to 3 AM so that his show can compete with the Genie Bra infomercial and the NuWave oven . 
He 'll probably still lose but at least he 's got a better chance of beating the competition at that hour . 
I do n't think anybody knows what a `` trickle '' is . 
The ends do n't justify the means , Mr. Maher . 
But libshits on reddit told me 97 % agree on global warming . 
1 . 
The Zimmerman case had nothing to do with 'stand your ground ' laws . 
2 . 
[ THIS ] ( http : //imgur . 
com/uecfQd5 ) 
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLAY [ THIS ! 
] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=I1t6zQsjzYE ) edit : damn it beaten to it . 
Mines better quality . 
This is an example of market economics . 
If a host is unable to draw an audience he will eventually have to be fired . 
If CNN wants to increase ratings why not try and find a right of center host to replace this show and see if more audience could be attracted . 
Do n't you understand ? 
He 's a racist white hispanic ! 
Of course it is , but liberals have let the media hijack their agenda by the likes of Sharpton and others . 
They say they stand for justice and equality but the truth of their agenda is hardly that . 
Civil rights came about because one of the biggest racists to ever live in the White House , LBJ , saw an opportunity to exploit black votes . 
Liberals have always been the first to yell racism when they `` systematically '' keep minorities in poverty and state-run housing . 
But hey , if it 's free then the votes keep coming . 
It 's the Know Nothing Party all over again . 
A bit delayed , but a good start . 
I think it goes beyond that . 
Have you seen the so-called 'affordable ' plans ? 
This is n't simply a tax hike on the middle class . 
It 's designed to *destroy* the middle class . 
now he should try bending over forwards.. then relax.. 
Yeah , agreed . 
Trim the first and last 20 seconds ( and Anthony Kiedis ) , and it 's a decent video encouraging good things . 
The problem is that it 's teaching kids that all of this is somehow inherently and exclusively tied to the President . 
My only other relatively minor qualm is the large focus on environmentalism . 
I 'm certainly an advocate of protecting our planet ( recycling and saving nonrenewable resources is great ! 
) , but I ca n't help but feel the proportion of environmental protection tips to other charitable acts mentioned is politically motivated . 
oh boy 
& gt ; Should the government be able to force a business owner to conduct their affairs in a way which doesn’t comport with their beliefs – religious or otherwise – with the only other option being to not engage in business ? 
The author recognizes that the government ought make mandates with regards to minimum safety standards ( and we could recognize that other exceptions to the author 's rule would include minimum wage , maximum work hours and overtime pay , child labor laws , lunch breaks , etc. ) 
but he still answers that question with a **no . 
** 
I think this is one major aspect of the ACA that gets overlooked . 
Back in the summer of 2012 , when the Supreme Court had their `` landmark '' ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA , ~~Robert Gates~~ John Roberts allowed the mandate because failure to opt for coverage would result in a TAX . 
Not a fine , fee , penalty , or `` opt-out fee '' as the liberal media will call it . 
IT IS A TAX . 
Its too bad that the common voter wo n't realize this . 
That assumption is based on that fact that many of them *still think the ACA is free ! 
* Edit : former sec def , you 're in my head ! 
Yes , there are sociological reasons . 
Redefining marriage to mean any relationship makes the concept of marriage less serious . 
Another reason for gay marriage is for liberals to go after religion . 
Gay activists , who always have a liberal political agenda , have sometimes admitted this . 
European countries with gay marriage have seen less straight marriages and more out of wedlock births . 
While gay marriage makes gay people feel good and is popular with young people ( so is Miley Cyrus ) , it serves no productive value to advancing a civilized culture . 
But GAP and old navy are the same company . 
On the contrary , if Republicans would just run someone who had a damn clue how to put together a solid platform , they would be unbeatable in 2016 because Obamacare will be in full effect ( assuming it ever gets fully implemented ) and the whole country will be suffering as a result . 
Keep in mind that current day Obamacare started out as Hillarycare during the 2008 campaign season , which Obama actually opposed but had to settle for once he was elected because Democrats in Congress would n't pass what he originally wanted . 
The Obamacare mess can easily be tied to Hillary in 2016 . 
Or my personal favorite , [ when he says there are 57 states ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=EpGH02DtIws ) 
I love Matthews , he 's such a dope ... lets not worry if the program is actually sound , or makes sense , its just that the left really really wanted it , so it 's bad to fight against it . 
IDK how Matthews is even on the air . 
I do n't know anybody that validates his opinion as decent or even fully thought out and takes the same stance . 
I guess they just want somebody loud and obnoxious for viewership . 
Matthews is the Snooki of opinion-based-news . 
Good , maybe people will finally see why the republicans are trying to get rid of this , or we can only hope . 
Take this guy off teleprompter , and he sounds dumber than Biden . 
Yeah , just some info here ( correct me if I am mistaken , folks ) : the IPAB can only act if Congress ca n't get their shit together enough to control Medicare expenditures themselves and override the IPAB 's suggestions , and there 's only so much savings they are allowed to enact per year . 
Plus , the ACA specifically says that they ca n't ration healthcare . 
Now , it is allowed to adjust reimbursement to providers starting in a few years , which could decrease the number of providers that take Medicare . 
It should also be noted that CMS ( the administrative body that runs Medicare ) adjusts reimbursement already ; obviously a government-run healthcare plan will have reimbursement set by the government . 
Additionally , the person who heads that is appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate ( just like the members of IPAB ) . 
It seems like the IPAB wo n't really have any new abilities other than their recommendations are legally binding if Congress does n't do anything ( which , let 's face it , is the probability ) . 
That could be a concern . 
Another major difference is that , previously , the main body that makes recommendations to CMS is an [ AMA-sponsored committee , RUC ] ( http : //www . 
ama-assn . 
org//ama/pub/physician-resources/solutions-managing-your-practice/coding-billing-insurance/medicare/the-resource-based-relative-value-scale/the-rvs-update-committee . 
page ) . 
CMS does n't have a mandate to accept their recommendations , but [ HealthAffairs found that CMS accepted ~87 % of this committee 's recommendations ] ( http : //content . 
healthaffairs . 
org/content/31/5/965 . 
abstract ? 
sid=6b650a54-26fe-4474-98a9-d8945f8e692e ) . 
It is mostly comprised of specialists , which brings up conflict of interest issues and makes it more likely that primary care doctors make far less money than specialists , contributing to the lack of primary care physicians . 
An interesting Washington Post article noted that the RUC 's estimates of time spent on procedures was [ grossly overestimated in some cases ] ( http : //www . 
washingtonpost . 
com/business/economy/how-a-secretive-panel-uses-data-that-distorts-doctors-pay/2013/07/20/ee134e3a-eda8-11e2-9008-61e94a7ea20d_story . 
html ? 
tid=pm_pop ) . 
On top of all of this , their proceedings are private . 
Theoretically , IPAB would be public ( though we 've heard that claim made before by the government - not always with satisfaction ) . 
Want to read about IPAB yourself ? 
[ Hop on over to section 3403 . 
] ( http : //housedocs . 
house . 
gov/energycommerce/ppacacon . 
pdf ) TL ; DR : the question is : should the government have more of a role in deciding how much they pay , or should a private committee from a medical interest group comprised of specialists have the greater role in influencing payments ? 
A cult of personality arises when an individual uses mass media , propaganda , or other methods , to create an idealized , heroic , and at times , god-like public image , often through unquestioning flattery and praise . 
He just cant stop lying can he . 
Will they branch off and make the black tea party ? 
I enjoyed how there was no option for `` White '' on the ethnicity . 
I 'm sure that one could point out the poor taste in Mr. Moore 's tweet without using such a completely inane , teenager-ish title . 
But , he has a point , and if today of all days is not a time to bring up the mental condition of America 's combat veterans , then when will it be ? 
One suicide is too many . 
Admit it , if you hung out with Obama , even if you like him , he does seem like a d-bag , right ? 
The real question is why is NBC suddenly reporting on this ? 
They helped create this situation . 
Where is Reagan when we need him . 
Nobody wanted to mess with that guy , because they knew he 'd come down on them like a ton of bricks ... and because of that reputation we enjoyed relative peace for many years . 
LOL this is Liberalism 2013 
This is big and great news for Conservatives , since lowering the deficit is something Conservatives truly care about . 
In the near future , the deficit is projected to be small enough that debt as a share of GDP is actually projected to decrease until about 2020 : http : //www . 
cbo . 
gov/ . 
Again great Conservative news . 
Though in the long term , the debt is projected to slowly rise . 
Yeah , I 'd be real eager to hire someone who punches people for fun . 
Does n't sound like a lawsuit waiting to happen at all . 
The next crisis ? 
For our family , one of our regular physicians is going cash only . 
None of the insurance websites that I have searched are providing data on participating doctors . 
http : //en . 
wikipedia . 
org/wiki/Post_hoc_ergo_propter_hoc 
Rush is brilliantly on-point as always . 
`` Nonessential '' =/= `` useless '' . 
`` Nonessential '' just means `` nothing terrible is likely to happen if they do n't come to work **today** '' Example : Ambulance crews are `` essential '' - they get laid off , people die . 
Road maintenance crews are ( mostly ) `` nonessential '' . 
If that pothole does n't get fixed today , nobody 's going to die . 
But if that pothole **never** gets fixed ? 
The road system crumbles , commerce suffers , eventually America ends up loooking like Somalia . 
The long-term cost of not doing road maintenance is higher than the long-term cost of doing it , but during a shutdown , they 're counting the short-term cost . 
Yes ... the narrative now seems to be `` it would have been single payer if only Republicans did n't block it '' which completely ignores the fact that Obamacare was passed without a single Republican vote and could have been any law they wanted if they had gotten Democrat consensus . 
If you have a terrible Presidential legacy , you did n't built that . 
The Obama Administration using powerful government agencies to sience dissent ? 
OMG ! 
I 'm shocked ! 
/s Some day the truth behind everything this corrupt and incompetent man-child of a President we are currently stuck with will be revealed and people will wonder how they were fooled into voting for such a monster twice . 
It 's about time . 
`` When I was young I was an idealist . 
I thought I could change the world with a few simple changes . 
i did n't realize how the entangled the world was because of others that thought just like me '' 
I disagree . 
I think that morality should give us goals and economics is a tool that can be used to achieve those goals . 
For instance , if a goal is to lower the cost of healthcare , we can use economics to tell us why healthcare is so expensive in the first place . 
Certainly there are powerful arguments for increased efficiency ( the statists did n't invent efficiency ) . 
The issue being not that climate change is n't happening but that the left has turned what could have been a nonpartisan effort into a venomous power grab . 
The EPA has become yet another accursed tentacle of Obama 's campaign of executive overreach just like the IRS , NSA , CIA , etc . 
It would be nice to attempt to tweek market incentives to realize some of the external costs of pollution but Obama ca n't conduct his cronyism that way . 
As a result any environmental protection efforts turn into heavy handed half baked paternalistic policies with a huge serving of government money to his campaign toadies in the private sector . 
Even if the charlatan in chief were tomorrow start acting like a president and not some arrogant five year old it would be to late . 
No rational person puts any stock what so ever in the river of shit gushing out of Barak Obama 's mouths . 
Norway does have the one benefit , as of right now , that they are one of the few European nations with no debt and hardly any deficits . 
As sangjmoon pointed out they 're beginning to cut into the money they have saved , but Norway should at least get some props for not going the route or Italy , Spain or Greece . 
& gt ; claiming that man has n't negatively affected the environment That sounds like an intentionally broad strawman . 
Nobody is claiming that no human has ever negatively effected the environment . 
The question this link is about is specifically man made global warming which is different than normal environmental damage . 
The time to care about approval is February 1 , after all the policies have gone into effect and , presumably , technical glitches have been fixed . 
For right now this is nifty but not really very meaningful . 
This needs to go to the top . 
That PDF is ... interesting . 
You racist . 
When snakeoil salesmen are hanging themselves ... hand them rope . 
This was inevitable . 
Watching the Obama implosion is an entertaining reality show , albeit one we all pay for . 
I hope that every person that voted for Pallone has to see this clip . 
I know most would n't listen because it 's FOX , but a couple at least would see how idiotic the people who voted for Obamacare are . 
They still do n't understand the fundamental basics of what they signed into law . 
Great speech . 
I do n't think that it is right to downvote this person . 
It is a valid question . 
I think that once people are educated to the problems with single payer health care , they can understand the backlash against it in the United States . 
The United States is not `` other countries '' . 
This is not a 'Murica reason . 
Rather , our economy and social structure are really quite a bit different than these other countries of which you speak . 
What 's good for the goose is **not** always good for the gander . 
I 'm one of the 2 million , and will be paying my fine next year instead of re-enrolling and wasting an extra $ 2500 in premiums a year . 
If he was n't , you can bet that he left and went to the nearest bar after having his ass handed to him on national TV like that . 
That was painful to watch . 
For those who do n't know , this is not exaggeration . 
The MSNBC host Martin Bashir actually read that about Sarah Palin off of the teleprompter , and he has n't even been suspended . 
Aside from the Ron Paul comment , is that a real Zerocare ad ? 
If so , It 's incredibly disturbing . 
I think the phrase `` does n't matter , got elected , '' is appropriate here . 
Now that Obama got reelected , they do n't have to cover for the guy . 
Granted , they still want to ; but they do n't NEED to . 
It 's really just a lack of understanding how my employers pay for an employees health insurance . 
My employer forks over pretty much the same I pay , so if I were to leave and get an individual plan my rte would double . 
And that happens to be about how much the premiums are increasing . 
Go figure . 
Climate change is n't a myth . 
The myth is that government is needed to handle it . 
CO2 output will eventually curve as fossil fuels run out . 
Any taxes enacted on business , however , would be sure to remain . 
And how much sense does it make to subsidize fossil fuels while punishing people for using them ? 
The answer to climate change is n't to pretend it is n't happening for the sake of politics , it 's to point out that getting government out of the way would have a much more profound impact than anything some politician can craft to scare the masses . 
The only thing I can say is to keep trying , I have no experience with miscarriage personally , my mom had 4 miscarriages then she had me and my brother . 
A few years ago I felt the Lord press on me that if me and my , then Gf now fiancee , were to ever not be able to conceive then we were called to adopt children . 
You may not be Christian or even religious , but perhaps you 're meant to be an adoptive parent , maybe you 'll adopt the baby of a woman that is giving up for adoption rather than aborting . 
Also , liberals think a baby is not a baby , errrrr fetus ( fetus means off-spring ) errrr zygote yeah , zygote that 's not a `` human '' , if the mother does not want it . 
This is how all the totalitarian governments of old felt about those they deemed a leech on society , they were not wanted , ergo they could be killed . 
Hitler did this specifically with the mentally handicapped 
Ted Cruz is only doing what he 's doing for his own ambition . 
His actions show a complete lack of awareness for what is actually beneficial for his constituents ( I am one ) and the country . 
Interviews from co workers from his past show that he has always been this way . 
He is trying to move up , and he thinks what he is doing will help him . 
It wo n't , but his tea party supporters I 'm sure like it . 
My insurance changed last year ( probably in preparation for this crap ) . 
Deductable is $ 3000 ( family plan ) . 
That 's for everything including prescriptions ( as in , I pay 100 % of everything , except for yearly checkups , till I hit the deductable ) . 
Earlier this month I finally hit the deductable . 
The first 9 months of the year were completely out of pocket ( though pre-tax via a HSA ) . 
My prescription is over $ 2k/90 days , though I 've made it last longer by taking a lower dose . 
Still have yet to see if things will get even worse this year . 
By the way , this is the *good* plan of the two offered by my employer . 
It 'd be nice if they re-hosted on YouTube so it can be shared easily . 
First the sequester was the end of the world , then when life went on everybody forgot about it . 
Nice to see that it 's helping a little . 
Just goes to show that we *can* cut government spending without negative impacts ( or at least cut the rate at which government spending grows /sigh ) . 
That word-salad was pretty cringe-worthy especially since this motherfucker makes millions of dollars and he can barely speak english . 
still better than most /r/politics comments 
I thought it was a joke when I started reading . 
This might end up being a blessing in disguise . 
They have shown the total ineptitude of big government . 
I do n't know how anyone could still believe it 's a good thing . 
Someone 's about to get audited by the IRS and get called racist . 
Try having a Men Only time and see what you get . 
The branches of govenerment are working exactly as intended ... move along people . 
I think Elizabeth Warren is being trotted out to make Hillary look more centric . 
You know he 's in bad shape when he tries to divert attention from something he 's severely screwing up to something he 's moderately screwing up . 
Worst president ever . 
Here 's Francisco 's `` Money '' speech in its entirety : http : //capitalismmagazine . 
com/2002/08/franciscos-money-speech/ edit : Who the hell votes down a link to source of the post in context ? 
Is there some anti-conservative bot attacking this site ? 
I can understand a shutdown meaning no dedicated groundskeeping or tour guides , but why the barricades ? 
That 's kind of a dick move intended only to stick it to the public . 
They should all wear Obama masks to the diversity training . 
Scientists hate him ! 
Figure out why this guy knows more about seasons than RICHARD DAWKINS . 
CLICK HERE . 
I sure hope all those single , young women who are moved to vote on the basis of free birth control will have time to maximize their promiscuity between their multiple part time , low-paying jobs . 
Every time Mike Rowe pops up in the news he continues to exemplify what it means to be an Eagle Scout . 
Please , Professor , show us the way . 
Soon . 
And it 's not just for my body 
There are a few reasons . 
First , because pre-existing conditions are covered without price increase , it is very important that everyone who can afford insurance , get insurance . 
Without it , the plan does n't really work because you have a lot of old people paying very little and nobody making up the difference . 
Second , because it what is to stop the same thing happening in one year ? 
There is another budget showdown , Republicans offer the same deal . 
Same thing the next year , etc . 
Third , because a compromise usually means both sides are giving up something or getting something . 
In this case , the Democrats will give in to a 1 year delay if the Republicans give into what ? 
Funding the government ? 
Does n't that imply that the Republicans do n't want to fund it in the first place , but are willing to do so if the Democrats give in to the Obamacare delay ? 
I made this analogy in another post : It is like you going to a car dealership and the dealer saying `` So , you give me $ 20,000 and I give you nothing. `` 
When you refuse and say lets make a reasonable deal , they say `` Fine fine . 
You give me $ 10,000 and I give you nothing . 
Yay compromise ! `` 
Also , let us not forget that the Democrats are already compromising on the spending by keeping it at sequester levels . 
People care about stupid shit like this ? 
It 's actually considered some kind of victory if something this insignificant changes ? 
Damn I need to stop doing whatever the hell it is with my life and become this `` normal '' thing where such simple things are so fucking amazing . 
And just for the people wondering , yes , I 'm secretly scrooge and I hate Christmas . 
And all those other stupid holidays around the same time . 
This has been posted here like 6 times . 
It should be in the sidebar at this point . 
http : //www . 
usa . 
gov is working just fine . 
[ Notice . 
usa . 
gov ] ( http : //notice . 
usa . 
gov ) , which the article links to , is down . 
It 's quite possible that they 're run off of separate servers , and notice . 
usa . 
gov is managed in house . 
based on the article , these are defined contribution pension plans , not defined benefit . 
in other words , you put in a fixed amount every paycheck , but the the pension account grows with investment income and results in a ( hopefully ) higher payout . 
if you break those total benefits down by year , most are going to receive less than 10 % more than what they were making as salary . 
i 'm not sure how this would be any different than someone who held an IRA that did extremely well with investment returns and is able to make more money retired than they were while they were working . 
It 's hard for me to be too enthralled with the dropping of Morgan , since CNN could very well turn around and drop Bill Maher or Jon Stewart , justifying it with their ratings . 
I had a similar experience at a very large , well known university when I began my doctoral studies . 
Beforehand , I saw a timeline of the discussions that were scheduled to take place at said diversity seminars ... 
I politely declined to attend any mandatory seminars and offered my resignation citing my lack of desire to be indoctrinated with white apologist propaganda . 
My resignation was refused and I was allowed to continue my course of study ... however , no one ... NO ONE ... from that university would comply with my requests for letters of recommendation to prospective employers ... . Not colleagues , not my department head , not the dean of the college , nor the chancellor ... citing my `` standoffish right wing eliticism and general malcontent for anyone who holds a socioeconomic opinion that does n't parallel that of rush limbaugh. `` 
I found that a tad insulting as I never brought politics up ever again outside of my initial protest . 
I found it easier just to leave a room when they started circle jerking about their socialist ideologies . 
Of course they disregarded the fact that my instructor performance evaluations , filled out by students , indicated that my lectures , teaching style , and demeanor in the classroom far exceeded the experiences the students were having bestowed upon them by my colleagues and peers . 
Thankfully undergraduate and graduate advisors and instructors got my foot in the door and the rest worked itself out . 
Same thing happened with the sequester . 
The administration will make it hurt as much as they can in the most visible of ways because they are petty . 
They are guilty of playing the same games they accuse republicans of playing . 
inevitably , a percentage of those 750 people who had to sit through their 'training ' will say 'this is bullshit and liberalism is to blame ' and start looking at things differently . 
I would say this percentage is probably higher than those who come out of it with the intentioned goal that the 'training ' had in the first place . 
All in all , I imagine this kind of program backfires on itself more than not . 
& gt ; All I know is I finally started reading some of Obamacare last night to find out what it’s about . 
I got to page 1297 — preexisting conditions and is says everything is covered except , quote : ‘Whatever in God’s name Biden has , ’ end quote . 
” Very funny 
http : //imgur . 
com/a/hThV0 
I have a couple thoughts on this . 
Why do we call this president by his first name ? 
I personally do n't , but so many people do . 
I do n't understand why . 
He 's not your friend , you do n't know him personally . 
Bush gets called W. to differentiate him from his father but also out of disrespect . 
Reducing someone to one letter . 
( my opinion ) . 
Still , I do n't understand why people call him Barack . 
Also , the common core is garbage . 
The majority of what they 're forcing on teachers is garbage . 
I 'm all for the personal responsibility it puts on teachers . 
You 'll really see a change in schools in the next few years with the common core and some other changes coming to teacher prep programs . 
I think the majority of these are for the better , especially the extended standards for states who did n't have them before . 
This is the take home point , and it 's a reflection on how education works in this country and why it is broken . 
We get a great idea ( or at least some people thing it 's great ) , these ideas are becoming more and more research based ( i. e. IDEA , NRP , RTI ) . 
We go all in on these ideas all at one time . 
Small pieces of them are broken . 
Instead of fixing the small crack , we replace the whole dam . 
Which starts the cycle all over again . 
We 're currently putting more emphasis on teacher responsibility for student outcomes , which is great . 
However , this is n't appropriate for all students and some teachers will have good outcomes when they do n't deserve them and others will have poor outcomes when they deserve positive ones . 
& gt ; We just did n't realize that , unless we had health insurance at work , we 'd be the ones paying for it . 
There 's a shocker . 
So statutory rape of young men that are runaways and addicted to drugs is okay ? 
That 's how your post reads . 
That ending . 
They walked right into it . 
& gt ; For example , in one of the handouts that our facilitator asked us to read ( “Detour-Spotting : for white anti-racists , ” by joan olsson [ sic ] ) , we learned things like , “As white infants we were fed a pabulum of racist propaganda , ” “…there was no escaping the daily racist propaganda , ” and , perhaps most even-handed of all , “Racism continues in the name of all white people . 
” Perhaps the Korean woman did not read carefully enough to realize that only white people ( all of them , in fact ) are racist . 
Nevertheless , in a manner stunningly redolent of “self-criticism” during the Cultural Revolution in communist China , the implication of the entire session was that everyone was suspect , and everyone had some explaining to do . 
Here is the handout he refers to ... . [ Detour-Spotting : for white anti-racists PDF WARNING ] ( http : //www . 
racialequitytools . 
org/resourcefiles/olson . 
pdf ) 
People used to do this stuff to me back when I was still in the military . 
Giving a voice to people like me by spouting the opposite of what I would want said . 
People seem to forget to give someone a voice is speaking for them , not speaking for yourself under the guise of a better cause . 
I do n't think that word means what he thinks it means . 
When Alex Jones destroys you on your own show over the 2nd amendment . 
it 's time to go . 
Oprah is such a disgusting racist , who really gives a shit ? 
The link does n't mention that Jindal 's law was ruled unconstitutional by a Louisiana state judge . 
So it 's not the Obama administration keeping Jindal from defunding Louisiana 's public schools , its the *Constitution* . 
Give some credit OP https : //twitter . 
com/TomBevanRCP/status/401307114770931712/photo/1 
You 're right , and I think that it shows tremendous courage that he does n't allow a status quo to force him into something he does n't believe in . 
Him and 50 other Congressman and Senators . 
classy ... 
Why do n't they just pass a bill to fund everything since that 's what the majority want to do ? 
Most Senate Democrats are absolutely disgusting human beings , but I think Reid takes the cake . 
Lack of jobs is a symptom of these young folk , the problem is lack of leadership . 
Too often false leaders have come and gone promoting what they believe is the `` best answer '' to get out of poverty . 
Do not get me started on the breakdown of the family in the black inner city youth ... 
The answer to some is a tough pill to swallow : Government aid will hurt your career choice in the long run . 
You must rely on YOURSELF to pull those pants up , wear a belt , and get a job . 
First time I 've ever respected Somers . 
If only she never shilled for the thighmaster . 
People ca n't seem to grasp that Common Core is standards , not curriculum . 
There 's a very big difference . 
Mein Kampf currently meets Texas ' academic standards . 
Does that mean the Texas education system is teaching kids to literally be Hitler ? 
Just because it fits a standard , does n't make it applicable or acceptable to use . 
That is why you should go to your principal and not your legislature/state school board if you have a problem with this in the classroom . 
It 's great he was like I had no chance of winning , so he just decided to screw around haha now he has a 6 year term 
& gt ; The American people are sick and tired of the corruption that is destroying America ! 
We therefore declare a GENERAL STRIKE on the weekend of October 11-13 , 2013 ! 
Truck drivers will not haul freight ! 
Americans can strike in solidarity with truck drivers ! 
Where does it say anything about a million truckers going to DC ? 
Damn straight . 
Same as when I had a problem with the Patriot Act . 
I 'm sure many people will just claim this is `` coincidental '' and maybe it is but if not , it 's just scary . 
I used to work for the feds ( civilian DoD ) , I am pretty sure that furloughed employees are still employees . 
Those furloughed through the sequester still maintained their CAC card and access . 
As for government workers , 20 % do 80 % of the work . 
The precious entitled ones go through months of doing barely a lick . 
The pay structure encourages extreme over hiring . 
Much what my department did was bureaucratic paper shuffling on a monumental scale . 
Katie Couric is no better . 
Just terrible . 
What sucks is how bad the premiums are for those people . 
At $ 8 . 
55 you can not afford that sh & amp ; t. However , I have an HSA which costs me $ 120 a month , $ 20 copay in network , and a $ 2500 max out of pocket . 
Why do people think healthcare is n't already affordable ? 
It 's like Homer Simpson calling *you* fat , lazy and stupid . 
Very well said , young man . 
Well said . 
Diversity training is one thing . 
I 've done it in both the private and public sectors . 
But , what that letter described is something wholly different . 
Harry Reid promised and promised he would never use it , if certain appointments were allowed to pass . 
The stupider-than-dirt Republicans believed him and let them pass . 
So Harry lied and lied . 
Now that everyone is outraged over Obama 's lies . 
He decides to stick it to the Republicans with this one . 
The House ought to shut the place down and turn out the lights over this . 
No raising of the national debt . 
No way ! 
No how ! 
Yes I 'm sure that as Ben Franklin was working the press to print news he was thinking , `` freedom of the press should be managed by the government with a list they control . 
We would n't want just anyone to be able to write stories unfavorable of the government , or revealing their corruption , that might actually empower the citizens and keep the ruthless and power hungry in check '' . 
Not . 
This is old news ... this happened last year . 
Upstate NY'er here ( real upstate NY , not Westchester , which is still NYC as far as I am concerned ) -- I 'm considering leaving because I can take a huge pay cut going to another state , and still put more money in my pocket . 
I own a home worth about $ 175,000 ... my school and property taxes are $ 8,000 per year . 
A friend with a $ 200,000 home in Alabama pays $ 900 ! 
My school district ranks # 426/429 , but we have the 2nd highest paid teachers in the state ... so I pay almost $ 30,000 a year for private schools for my two kids . 
In other words , I could take a $ 37,100 pay cut by moving to another state with better schools and still end up with the same amount of money in my pocket at the end of the month ! 
His biases do n't negate whether or not this is a flawed report . 
Way to make the tough call . 
Sweet victory ! 
Been waiting for this day ever since the gun debates : ) 
Can the whole United States drop him next ? 
When I first saw the video , I was a bit surprised , since one would have to be pretty gullible to believe the part of the audience visible behind the President when he appears in public are not carefully vetted for security and political reasons . 
Considering he used an executive order to do something very similar to what the heckler was asking for last year , makes this all the more suspicious . 
What is bad for President Obama is bad for America ! 
Getting people all upset over a few glitches is bad for America . 
They are doing their civic duty by ignoring the hub bub . 
Here 's the whole picture : & gt ; Over the whole sample , 76 % want Obama and the Democrats to compromise , and 78 % want House Republicans to compromise . 
Sixty-one percent of Democrats want to see compromise from their own side , and 59 % of Republicans feel the same way . 
So it seems everyone wants both `` sides '' of the government to compromise . 
Better read up on that court case because he DID claim self defense and Stand Your Ground was never invoked . 
[ Is Obama Creating a Martial-law-ready Military ? 
By Selwyn Duke ] ( http : //www . 
americanthinker . 
com/2013/10/is_obama_creating_a_martial-law-ready_military . 
html # ixzz2jOwFVt4p ) 
I 'm just glad Feinstein was slow on the copypasta to suggest the suspect was armed with an AR-15 . 
The rest of the country that 's actually been paying attention : * '' Duh ! 
`` * 
Carrie Underwood parodies Obamacare : Liberal outrage Bashir advocates defecating in Sarah Palin 's mouth : crickets Clearly Rachael Madcow is more interested in being radical left-wing than how women are treated . 
What a disgrace . 
This means nothing . 
Rubio is always making bold claims like this to keep his name relevant . 
First white Thanksgiving I 've had in a while . 
Thanks for this . 
What an interesting case . 
A limp-wristed liberal . 
What a surprise . 
I ca n't believe this man is our president . 
The teacher 's union was probably after his ass for years because he was making his colleagues look bad . 
Software engineer here : First day glitches are the rule , not the exception . 
Nothing to see here folks ... 
There are plenty of real things to criticize , but all these posts about software glitches come of as desperate and ridiculous , grasping at straws . 
Wow ! 
I guess someone got a set of balls for Christmas . 
FINALLY , Kevin Sorbo weighs in . 
Seems like a lot of people forgot than in 2008 , Romney was McCain 's conservative opposition . 
I thought Elizabeth Warren justified higher taxes by keeping bands of marauders from doing exactly this . 
Wait ... Did the entire conservative movement suddenly forget about birthers ? 
The Muslim Kenyan president ? 
Shuckin ' and jivin ' ? 
I would never say that opposition to Obama is inherently rooted in racism , because that is very very stupid . 
But to deny that racism played no part is ignoring reality . 
This is news ? 
Must be a slow day ... 
[ deleted ] 
`` You ca n't sell it because nobody would buy it '' '' But people were buying it '' '' It 's capitalism , you ca n't sell it if nobody is going to buy it. `` 
`` People were buying it '' Pallone is infuriating . 
Please remember to vote these idiots out . 
The family could use a few rounds as well . 
YES ! 
I checked up on some of my old posts and was rather surprised to see them downvoted heavily . 
I do n't think everybody would agree with me , but many of these posts were pretty standard conservative views . 
I also noticed a rather surprising trend of the same number of downvotes for multiple posts , which gave the impression that many people were coming in and downvoting a lot of posts . 
This just in . 
Most of the people who really need health insurance , really ca n't afford it . 
News at 11 . 
Obama won because of liberal white guilt . 
Tons of whites voted for him BECAUSE of race . 
Biden 's Niece is Kaley Cuoco ? 
For Satan finds some mischief still For idle hands to do . 
~Isaac Watts 
I 'm sad that we have to commend someone for being civil these days ( not that Mike does n't deserve the commendations , but I wish his attitude was far more common ) . 
Have you recovered from that ordeal ? 
Any lasting effects ? 
What is this ? 
Reading comprehension ? 
Boo ! 
A good CIA agent maintains plausible deniability at all times . 
Stickland is a client of mine . 
Do some of his media work . 
Stand up guy . 
Sharyl Attkisson has been treated like a leper by the Obama administration because she had the audacity to question them . 
Sadly , CBS and FOX are the only ones covering it today . 
All others are in protect Obama mode . 
It is actually even worse than Conservatives thought . 
[ Sigh ] ( http : //www . 
reactiongifs . 
com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Jack-Donaghy-Facepalm . 
gif ) 
If this is so , thank God . 
Are those really fair comparisons to draw ? 
I 've never heard of someone being turned down from buying a car or a house because they have MS or had cancer . 
Nor have I heard of car or house prices being based on the health of the buyer . 
Nobody *needs* a BMV or a Lexus ( let alone a Porsche or Ferrari ) , and it wo n't kill them if they ca n't afford one . 
On the other hand , some people do need diabetes medications or chemotherapy . 
Not being able to afford those treatments almost certainly will kill them . 
Now Kudlow does suggest an alternative for making sure that person can afford their expensive health care : & gt ; Mainly , younger healthy people are not going to subsidize older sicker folks . 
We should take care of the latter with transparent government subsidies , and not by trying to redistribute resources ( again ) from the young to the old . 
However , I 'm not convinced that conservatives would embrace a `` raise taxes to give everyone Obamacare-style subsidies '' plan with any more enthusiasm than they 've embraced Obamacare as-is . 
What amazes me is that no reporter ever challenged him on it . 
My lesson in posting in /r/politics was learned faster than any other lesson ever . 
EVER . 
They do n't want to hear it* . 
*it == anything that makes Democrats or Obama look bad . 
it 's not a turd . 
It 's a shit sandwich . 
/r/politics is furiously downvoting this . 
http : //www . 
reddit . 
com/r/politics/comments/1nlqfk/harry_reid_why_would_we_want_to_help_one_kid_with/ **WE MUST PROTECT THE DEMOCRATS ! ! ! 
** 
PLEASE tell me this is satire ... 
Please 
Here 's his response to a conservative outraged about Bill Maher : https : //www . 
facebook . 
com/photo . 
php ? 
fbid=627279553948858 & amp ; set=pb . 
116999698310182 . 
-2207520000 . 
1382896830 . 
& amp ; type=3 & amp ; theater 
Not according to CNN http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=d4eM8-RafyE What a way to continue to lie . 
Gov't touting a gov't agency without knowing a thing . 
Typical 
TIL 29 % of voters have no concept of reality . 
I think that blind opposition to `` regulations '' is dumb . 
If a rule is bad then lets change that rule , because some regulations are a waste of time . 
I hate stoplights as much as the next guy . 
But lets not push for total deregulation of everything , that 's only good for the New York bankers who got rich off the financial crash . 
This is classic [ Washington Monument Syndrome ] ( http : //en . 
wikipedia . 
org/wiki/Washington_Monument_Syndrome ) where they shut down the most visible things to play a political chess game . 
Ridiculous . 
Revisionism is use equally by both parties . 
In fact historical revisionism is quite common in all areas of life . 
An example from the conservative side is the idea of Reagan as compared to the actual records of Reagan . 
Biden in a few decades will be remembered as something other than a creapy GILFbait gaffe machine . 
I 'm sure thirty years after Ron Paul croaks , sometime in the year 2193 , he will be held up as the George Washington of Libertarians . 
Any history that is n't written by the victor will be coopted by the underdog . 
22 down votes . 
22 . 
These 22 people probably think it was a hiccup in the system over at the IRS when the `` occupiers '' and suicide bombers filed for 501c3 status . 
Say the future Dr. Ben Carson is fighting cancer and it trying to sign up for Obummercare , some high school drop out denies his paper work for three years . 
That should be long enough to win a election I mean kill him off . 
Obummercare is the result of Democrats ramming a law down the Americans throat in the middle of the night . 
Yes there is election consequences . 
We are living it today . 
Have you noticed he is the FIRST to speak and take credit whenever something looks good ? 
( Bin Laden ... 
It was all him ! ) 
If you did n't notice this phenomenon it 's because it 's the only good thing to come out of this administration and GWB laid the groundwork for it . 
This administration disgusts me . 
It also amazes me that he may very well be tilling the truth ! ! ! ! 
HAHA . 
The dems passed a 2000 page bill in 3 hours and paraded it around for 3 years . 
I seriously believe that the other option to this phenomenon is that he is so stupid and incompetent that he really might not know ! 
It 's one or the other in my book ... 
Lying or insanely ignorant.. 
Both disgust me , and excite dems at the same time . 
They 'll defend him to the end no matter what . 
[ deleted ] 
I still do n't see why people thought Obama 's handling of Sandy was worth half a damn in a bucket of warm piss in August . 
Now we care what snl says ? 
I do n't see anything wrong with this at all -- and what 's wrong with modesty for women that want privacy from men ? 
It 's the same as someone renting out the pool - would you sue them for discrimination because they have private access to that pool time ? 
But he is happy to take the federal funding . 
I can see your skepticism based on that shitty article , here 's more indepth info : http : //www . 
newsmax . 
com/Newsfront/cgi-federal-scrutiny-obama-fundraising/2013/10/27/id/533310 * They 're both members of the Black Alumni Association ( not surprising , seems normal ) * I saw one source , and heard a senator on CSPAN say they were roommates . 
Not sure about that though . 
* She is a VP of the `` Federal '' business unit of CGI , which handled the ACA system . 
* She donated to the Obama campaign . 
* she visited the Whitehouse 6 times prior to contract award and with other CGI Execs . 
* They attended several invitation-only addresses . 
I 'm not saying its cronyism , but its cronyism . 
Most transparent administration evaaaaa ! 
Obama does n't mind the NSA looking into our homes but his ... .. well thats a different story . 
What would you have the next administration do ? 
First step almost completely repeal Obama care , right ? 
Keeping the provisions where kids up to 26 and not denying people with pre-existing conditions is good ( or not ? ) 
But then what ? 
How do we change the inertia that is already in place ? 
And what will be a solution for the 20 % of Californians that are uninsured ? 
Are there any non-religious reasons to oppose same sex marriage ? 
The bible says `` If a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood [ shall be ] upon them. `` 
It does not say that If a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them shall be denied federal benefits . 
Either get to stoning gays to death or let it go . 
Barack Obama to change the meaning of 'competent ' to inflate his performance . 
I think all the hand wringing is because they are afraid that `` we the people '' will notice how little we really need much of what this overly intrusive gargantuan behemoth of a government provides . 
Just finished my open enrollment . 
Not only did I not save , my premiums are going up 36 % Jan 1 . 
Says the woman who 's husband has our economy so fucked that half of Americans are receiving some kind of government assistance while she personally racks up tens of millions of taxpayer-funded lavish vacations . 
The Obamas would be a joke if it were n't all so serious . 
____________________ EDIT : I understand that the paid shill downvote brigade has been through this thread now , but please present a counterpoint . 
When you present simple facts , prepare to try to be shushed . 
Hey dipshit intern that works for Eric Holder or Jay Carney : It 's not possible to justify anything Obama has wrought with words . 
All you have left is downvotes . 
I find that delicious . 
I wonder what Tom Hanks has to say about *that* ? 
Obviously , to outsource the House of Representatives . 
For anyone who 's interested in other examples , check out Shadow University by Alan Kors and Harvey Silverglate . 
[ Amazon Link ] ( http : //www . 
amazon . 
com/gp/product/0060977728/ref=as_li_tf_tl ? 
ie=UTF8 & amp ; camp=211189 & amp ; creative=373489 & amp ; creativeASIN=0060977728 & amp ; link_code=as3 & amp ; tag=anythingeverythi ) One of my professors is quoted in this book about something that happened at my university way back in 1996 of so . 
( wow , now I feel old. ) 
It 's amazing how far back this behavior has been going on . 
I may be misinterpreting it , but the amendment to the Free Flow of information Act does n't have to deal with the Freedom of the Press so much as it has to deal with protecting sources . 
That is , the amendment would state that only “official” journalists would not have to give up their sources if subpoenaed . 
Other , “non-official” journalists will still be able to publish material without repercussion , but may have to give up the identities of their sources . 
I am torn on this , in that I think the concept is not inherently wrong but the implementation is unacceptable . 
Protection of sources is key to Freedom of the press , whistle-blowers should have a reasonable expectation of anonymity if they leak their information to the press , and otherwise nobody would ever do so . 
The bill in its current language protects most major news sources , but seems to severely limit most investigative and freelance journalists who should receive the same protections as classical journalists and reporters . 
The problem comes from giving the ability to protect sources to anyone and everyone . 
If I start telling you military secrets , and you decide to publish them to Facebook , you can say you are acting as a member of the press with me as your anonymous source . 
I am not entirely sure that you should be able to do that , otherwise there would essentially be no repercussions for leaking classified information . 
I think that the poor language of the amendment stems from journalists and the press being one of those things where you can’t define it but you “know it when you see it” . 
With the rapid advance of technology , there are a lot of people , including bloggers , who should be classified as journalists today , but who did n't exist as journalists in anybody’s mind 10 years ago . 
There are also those who can not reasonably be portrayed as journalists , and thus they probably should not receive the same protections as journalists . 
This amendment is an attempt , albeit an extremely poor one , to differentiate between the two . 
There was n't enough room to add the numbers 26824 ( COUCH ) . 
The FBI should be making this lady do the perp walk at 4:00pm so everyone can see it at 6 O'clock news time . 
You do n't get a promotion within the FBI for making waves anymore . 
So it will not be done . 
** Also , with so many scandals orbiting Obama , sooner or later someone other than Snowden is going to crack . 
The levy will break and there will be a list of dead men , women and children to cover his ass . 
He will take a page out of Clintons playbook . 
On opposite day ! 
Where can I get my redistribution of wealth ? 
Or do I need to sign up on the website first ? 
I love this man 
`` By any means necessary. `` 
It 's hard to believe his approval is not lower . 
Virtually all of these mob accusations turn out ugly . 
We already have a terrible shortage of doctors , specifically primary care doctors . 
You tell someone going to med school that they 'll be property of the state , and you can say goodbye to the profession . 
There 's the difference between Liberals and Conservatives . 
Liberals love to talk about all the great things they want to do , Conservatives just do it . 
Or we could have a nice Thanksgiving and try not to incite/participate in bickering with our families . 
Am I really supposed to be mad that the first lady is attempting to teach healthy eating habits to kids ? 
We really need to get beyond this Sesame Street BS , it makes conservatives look petty and foolish . 
I was thinking about coining a nice nickname for left leaning libs ... 
Sine they 're kind of nutty and lean to the left a lot how about left nuts ? 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA Obama drew a red line guys , he 's serious this time guys , ^guys^ ... guys ? 
`` If you 're working here and in the middle of the day you stopped and said : You know what I want to get something , I do n't know exactly what i 'm going to get but I 'm just going to stop working till I get something . 
I 'm going to shut down the whole plant until I get something . 
You get fired ! 
Right ? 
Cause the deal is you have already gotten hired , you got a job , you are getting a paycheck , and so you also are getting the pride of doing a good job , and contributing to a business and looking out for your fellow workers . 
That 's what you 're getting . 
Well it should n't be any different for a member of congress. `` 
This Health care reform bill is a complete joke . 
However I am not a fan of our current move to shut down the government . 
The reality is the health care reform act is now law of the land and shutting down the government is not the appropriate way to attack this . 
All it 's going to do is further alienate our party from workers who are effected by this bill , and citizens who rely on some of these services . 
Hillary and Obama are more like a game of bad cop , worse cop . 
Then you see how it fixes the democrat 's problem . 
almost like it 's working in the states where they want it to work , and not in the ones where they do n't . 
& gt ; '' **We can’t** boil people down to numbers or statistics , or **reject people based on the color of their skin**. `` 
the sentence right before explaining how they approved minorities and rejected white males . 
[ Fact ] ( http : //www . 
economist . 
com/news/united-states/21588951-congress-hears-tales-baffling-ineptitude-debacle/ ) . 
& gt ; Health wonks have long known this was coming . 
Indeed , the Obama administration itself quietly estimated that 40 % -67 % of individual policies would have to change . 
But ordinary Americans were taken by surprise . 
Many who are healthy and too well-off to qualify for subsidies are suddenly facing higher premiums , and are irked . 
How do we fix this problem ? 
Do n't give out any welfare ? 
Why should anyone work 40 hours a week to get the same thing or less ? 
Should we have a higher minimum wage to allow people to work for something that they can live off of that is better than welfare ? 
I just think this really demonstrates the problems we have with welfare . 
Pffft . 
The 80,000,000 Americans who own firearms can trump the UN *and* Obama . 
How 'bout that ? 
Limbaugh theorem 
Let them come . 
Once they try to engage you in a discussion , they lose . 
If this were entirely true , how would you ( Oprah ) explain your popularity ( you being black , and all ) . 
Or , how would you ( Oprah ) explain Obama being elected in the first place , and twice ? 
And , how would you ( Oprah ) explain your own diminished popularity since you publicly began supporting Obama ? 
I 'm still astounded by most television network 's who mocked him and tried to make him look like a corporate heartless moron . 
I 've never seen such a spin generated on a candidate . 
I think the hate being poured on Chris Christie will only fuel him and make him a firebrand for people who are tired of dishonest politicians . 
He may not be graceful , kind , or pleasent to look at but goddamn it he is honest . 
& gt ; Sure Barack was a nice fellow , they said . 
But white voters would never vote for a black president I think this was actually said by approximately zero persons . 
This is clearly about implying that white voters who cast against Obama were racist . 
This is something that both sides should be pushing for . 
It 's wasteful , harmful , and not at all constitutional . 
I LOVE IT when Democrats look at the video of the comments they made , and still think that they can credibly claim that they did n't say what they clearly said . 
( see top comment on the link - what a dishonest loser ) 
30 second ad to watch a 15 second video ... 
'white privilege ' will be the most popular phrase in 2014 . 
Book it . 
The acceptable percentages of dropped policies was buried in the 2010 ACA . 
I believe it was 40-60 % ! 
He knew all along ... 
Yeah , another shining example how Obama can rewrite and change the law at will . 
[ Fr . 
Barron comments on C. S. Lewis ] ( http : //youtu . 
be/dlQuYXtkx0g ) 
Because Louisiana has bad leadership ? 
I 'm all for hating on Obamacare , but we do n't need to spread misinformation . 
This site does n't calculate subsidies and lacks some other functionality that healthcare . 
gov is supposed to have . 
It 's not a replacement for healthcare . 
gov 
Start impeachment hearings 
`` Say it ai n't so , O ! `` 
In High School they are starting to understand ? 
Truly , this should be in WTF . 
I ca n't get my SBA loan . 
There 's that . 
Boeing ca n't deliver new planes because the FAA ca n't certify them . 
My business would run fine for a few weeks if you sent all the workers home . 
The website would still work , most orders could be filled , there 's a lot of inertia and automation to keep it going unsupervised for a while . 
But not forever . 
Sooner or later , it will need manual intervention that 's not there . 
People who buy from me can deal with a small disruption , but eventually , they 're going to have problems as well . 
Not saying the government is n't bloated , but you ca n't just shut it off and think there wo n't be negative and lasting effects rippling through the economy . 
If nothing else , you suddenly just added millions to the unemployment rolls and ensured that millions of dollars are n't being spent by them to help move the economy along . 
You also ca n't expect the effects to be immediately apparent . 
To use your cancer analogy , you 'd better make sure you need chemotherapy before you sign up for it . 
Not every cancer needs it or responds to it , and not everything that looks like cancer is cancer . 
Chemotherapy is poisoning your body with a calculated dose that is just weak enough not to kill you -- which makes it just powerful enough to kill cancer cells . 
It 's not something you should do lightly , and you might not even want it even if you have cancer and it 's not going to get better . 
Plus , just because your hair does n't fall out and you 're not vomiting the second you leave the facility does n't mean you 're not going to feel the effects tomorrow . 
I 'd think it would be easier to postpone the individual mandate for a year . 
I bet you the reason he wo n't do that , however , is because the government would lose valuable tax money on the people who could n't get insured in time or refuse to get insured . 
I tried to post it to reddit and it hit zero quick . 
Finally some people upvoted it so it 's at least positive . 
If you go and read the [ actual data ] ( https : //d25d2506sfb94s . 
cloudfront . 
net/cumulus_uploads/document/gjum88rmae/econTabReport . 
pdf ) underlying this article , you 'll find that Obama is seen as the biggest failure by self-identified GOP respondents . 
George W. Bush 's numbers are nearly identical with only the party affiliation reversed . 
How is not repeatedly talking about the same topic censorship ? 
Yet we continue to hear about Zimmerman 's bowel movements and gun collection almost every day… why 's that ? 
No white option and 3 African American options . 
What is a Fag Hag ? 
As a conservative . 
This does show how important it is to have a mother and a father in a young child 's life . 
Thank goodness presidents have term limits . 
We 'd keep the same fools in for decades if we did n't . 
Annnndddd another relevant story the liberal media will never report on . 
So he 's saying that black kids are `` playing '' knockout because they 're unemployed because there 's too many Mexicans taking the jobs in Detroit . 
Laws are repealed all the time , but nobody is repealing Obamacare . 
It 's not happening , and the Republican leadership itself realizes that . 
That is beyond ridiculous . 
Despite that particular soundbite being forced down everyones throat during the election , Obama is not a liberal ... 
And I 'm not surprised that the top comment is blaming the GOP 
I hate democrats , and blacks vote 98 % democrat . 
Justified racism . 
& gt ; The law ( ACA ) was passed by the legislature , approved by the president , and held up by the supreme court . 
At one time , these three things were all true of slavery . 
Legalization does not make something moral , ethical , or practical . 
People , there is plenty to be outraged about but this is just ridiculous . 
I bet you were all furious over an Iraq war whose reasons were entirely made up and sold to the public as truth . 
These are hate crimes . 
But you wo n't see the media or police saying that . 
Every single thing about Obama is either a giant lie or staged . 
How is this news ? 
I think Reid is going senile . 
And I 'm not joking . 
I 'm not using it as an insult to say how awful he is . 
I 'm completely serious . 
I think he is losing his mind to age . 
And it 's no joking matter ; watching someone deteriorate like that is so sad . 
No , they 're dead set on pretending even in the face of all reality . 
I 'm not sure victim is the correct term for Trayvon Martin . 
Thanks , flaired . 
Well , how else should we have done it ? 
Honest question , but I guess it 's too late . 
I 'm skeptical that it created any net jobs . 
1-The study does n't take into account the fact that the program artificially raised the price of used cars . 
2-It does n't assume any costs for the Government spending an additional $ 2 . 
85 billion in a year when the deficit was over $ 1 . 
4 trillion . 
Unless you 're a Keynesian who believes that real wealth is created through government deficits , that money will have to be paid back , through past , current and future taxes . 
At best it was a political pay off to the American automobile industry , at worse , it was a perverse transfer of wealth from the poor whose taxes and higher used car prices paid for the new purchases of those well enough to afford new cars in the midst of the recession . 
Morality can only be the result of choice , not compulsion . 
I really am proud of Obama . 
He 's growing more into a proper fascist every day . 
He 's a piece of shit terrorist . 
Rush has said this on his program . 
Yes this is childish , but it is also hilarious and its nice to see conservatives poking fun at democrats . 
Hell we get enough of it on the national news and in my area i constantly get it because i am surrounded by liberals . 
Also NYU should be looking for a new professor . 
That can happen when unions ca n't negotiate a contract . 
Much more than 3/4 of the 10000 people I work with are furloughed . 
`` I 'm going to miss his show '' -No one ever 
Well , if you 're waiting around for /r/politics to pick up on it , you 'll die unsatisfied . 
That place really ought to be renamed /r/ChurchOfLiberalSuperiority . 
All of these 'fixes ' are just to get through the mid-terms . 
This thing was supposed to blow up but the blame was supposed to fall on the insurance companies not the Democrats . 
He really does n't care at all how this affects us ignorant masses . 
He 's just wanting to provide the Democrats enough cover to re-take the House in '14 . 
Wait a second ... were n't the kids that did this in one of these stories from the other day something like 14 and 15 years old ? 
How can a lack of jobs be responsible if they are n't old enough to work ? 
The only story I 've heard with older teenagers and young adults was the chef that got the broken jaw , and those assailants were 16-21 . 
For the most part , I 've been hearing these were non-working age teens . 
I 'm not an Obama supporter , but Pravda , and the Russian media in general is notoriously wild . 
It still is interesting what they think though . 
I think it 's a good gesture . 
Congress ca n't suspend its pay due to Constitutional constraints . 
Any bill passed concerning Congressional pay would remain suspended until after midterms , so people wanting them to not get paid simply are n't going to see it happen . 
It ca n't happen . 
This is about as close as you can get , and I think they all should be doing it . 
& gt ; During the government shutdown , Barack Obama held fast , heroically refusing to give an inch to the hostage-taking , barbaric orcs of the Tea Party who insisted on delaying Obamacare . 
It was a triumph for the master strategist in the White House , who finally maneuvered the Republicans into revealing their extremism . 
But we didn’t know something back then : Obama desperately needed a delay of Healthcare . 
gov . 
In his arrogance , though , he couldn’t bring himself to admit it . 
The other possibility is that he is such an incompetent manager , who has cultivated such a culture of yes-men , that he was completely in the dark about the problems . 
That’s the reigning storyline right now from the White House . 
Obama was betrayed . 
“If I had known , ” he told his staff , “we could have delayed the website . 
” 
Lying and buffoonery are all the skills required to be a democrat politician . 
It 's amazing how much the childish idiots on the left are still clinging to this idea that the Republicans have acted in some unique way . 
Just tell them to shove , bide your time until your next majority , then strip them to the bone . 
It 's the only way they 'll get it . 
Letting inflation and a hope of an an economic boom be our plan to `` catch up with our debt '' is a ridiculous policy . 
Obama himself could n't get a job in the private sector . 
They 're academic hacks , all of them . 
Ever hear the phrase `` those who ca n't , teach '' ? 
As a 24 year old man , it saddens me that these ads will most likely be very effective . 
Could ______ policy be better ? 
Insert : Tax Welfare Gun Education Military Foreign Economic Obvious answer ... 
Yes . 
Always . 
Presidents day = go to school . 
MLK day = no school . 
MLK & gt ; All 44 presidents combined ? 
Valerie Jarrett has done more damage to 0 than anyone . 
You seek the of advisers because they are experts in their field , she 's a slumloard that digs Islam that happens to be from Chicago , uggghh . 
That 's because the murder conviction just reminds everyone that the woman lied about being raped . 
Many in the media do n't want to believe that some women lie about being raped , so they just bury/ignore the story . 
This is mean but also very satisfying 
Obamacare the movie `` deception '' 
More lies and damage control . 
Obama is forgetting two great truths that my father taught me as a kid : 1 . 
When you 've dug yourself into a hole - STOP DIGGING ! 
2 . 
You can not polish a turd . 
Why are we paying ANY attention to this washed-up has-been ? 
Seriously ? 
Presidential figure head masks are a part of American History ... 
These people are stupid.. 
It 's not racist . 
It 's comedic and should not offend anyone . 
& gt ; 97 % of published ( i. e. real scientists ) do agree Actually , [ they do n't ] ( http : //www . 
forbes . 
com/sites/jamestaylor/2013/05/30/global-warming-alarmists-caught-doctoring-97-percent-consensus-claims/ ) , despite how many times the leftist media sites have repeated the claim without ever looking into the legitimacy of it . 
& gt ; The threat of nuclear attack by Iran ( if one exists at all ) on Israel is Israel 's problem . 
Somehow I think if a low yield nuke detonated in Tel Aviv and it was found to be Iran 's fault it would be *everyone's* problem . 
But it 's cute you 're an optimist . 
So was Neville Chamberlain . 
The most disgusting part is n't the promiscuous attitude being sold via this ad ; it 's the fact that we are paying for it and our government is pushing it . 
single payer . 
`` Lindzen first published this `` iris '' theory in 2001 , and offered more support in a 2009 paper , **but today `` most mainstream researchers consider Dr. Lindzen 's theory discredited '' ** according to the Times article . 
Dr. Lindzen acknowledged that the 2009 paper contained `` some stupid mistakes '' in his handling of the satellite data . 
`` It was just embarrassing , '' he said in the Times interview . 
`` The technical details of satellite measurements are really sort of grotesque. `` 
http : //en . 
wikipedia . 
org/wiki/Richard_Lindzen # Views_on_climate_change 
He was popular because he is black , he is now less popular because people realised he is no different from the white guys ... Also , I hate Oprah . 
Not because she is black ... because she is ignorant . 
There is plenty of racism in America , but your brand of implied racism is some of the worst you priveleged wench . 
People like this are just purely blind , I do n't know if she is so racist that she honestly believes the president is infallable- or if she is just a raging libtard . 
Oprah , I used to not hate you , I found you mildly annoying- but you did a lot of great things . 
But accusing an entire country- including the people who originally voted for Obama racist is plain ignorant . 
I 'm not racist . 
I just hate you and your `` perfect '' president . 
Does this also apply to the Senate ? 
I do n't understand why people think raising taxes in America will stop the world 's largest polluter , China . 
They have entire cities where you ca n't see your hand in front of your face , but taxing Americans will help ? 
In other news , water is wet . 
about 300 million people in the US . 
Cost of obamacare website 1 billion . 
FUCK , why did n't the US just hand everyone a million , say suck it up pay for your own insurance but here 's a headstart and then saved 600 million plus taxpayers money ? 
We need more people to start thinking like Mike . 
I agree with everything that the nice lady says , but she really had no place saying it . 
Her husband should have been the one talking . 
1 Timothy 2:12 : `` I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man ; she must be quiet. `` 
All his sheep like to call Republicans `` economic terrorists '' and `` hostage takers '' also ... spread the fear 
I do n't know what they thought was going to happen . 
Asking a priest to choose between government and God is probably one of the easiest questions you could ask him . 
It seems that the same complaint was leveled against GW for many of the same actions . 
The NSA started under Bush , so did drone attacks and indefinite detention , secret legal opinions justifying expansions of executive power , including torture . 
For this particular complaint , I think the corresponding complaint were GW 's many signing statements . 
I think that the lesson is n't that Obama has a particularly tenuous understanding of the constitution but that the executive will always reach for more power especially anyone able to win the presidency in today 's system . 
Obamacare is shit , but I am really waiting for a Republican with a backbone to propose an alternative plan . 
Romney did n't propose anything to fix our healthcare system , which was very dismaying . 
I agree with this . 
We tried it with Mccain , we tried it with Romney . 
Why is Christie any different ? 
Just to clarify what the article did n't , she is referring to Christie 's support for the Assault Weapons Ban . 
He vetoed a recent ban on . 
50 caliber rifles but only because it would effect people who already owned them . 
He has advocated for the AWB since the Sandy Hook shooting . 
& gt ; And his support of the Mrs. Palin , the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate He did n't support her but just agreed with one of her points . 
If you lived in the liberal echo chamber , as approximately 80 % of reddit politics people do , you 'd think the ACA was awesome , saving the lives of sick people , saving the public money , etc . 
The website thing is just an irrelevant temporary glitch and the canceled insurance policies are the fault of insurance companies , not the ACA . 
Liberal conclusion : the ACA is the best thing ever done by govt , bar none , other than electing Obama of course . 
Sad to see that these are the standards it 's been put to . 
I thought the 20 cm of sea level increase would get some response . 
The report says this is the result of global warming . 
Nobody has pointed out this is also the amount of increase expected from the sea floor rising . 
Tectonics is convientily not factored into climate change when the IPCC is involved . 
But.. but Republicans hate black people . 
We want to `` keep them in chains '' as the wise Joe Biden told them we wanted to do to them . 
[ deleted ] 
Barack Obama is a tool . 
Who cares what race they are ? 
I hate how both sides do this , although it 's far more prevalent among progressives : `` Hey everybody , look at all the minorities we like ! 
We ran a black guy so we ca n't be racist ! 
We want to make sure you know we are n't racist ! `` 
I ca n't fucking stand it . 
I hate how politics is no longer about debating to see who has a better idea ; it 's just a pandering contest . 
Which is why the tea party is so hated by both sides : they do n't pander , they do n't play the same games the establishment guys play . 
Can we stop pooling Romney in with Christie and McCain ? 
Yes , none of them are hard-right , but Romney was the most pragmatic and qualified of any of them by a mile . 
Yet people relegate him to `` piece of crap '' status because he lost an election . 
Yeah , the guy made mistakes . 
He was still a great man and would have made a tremendously good president . 
This guy made some mistakes and did some things that I did not agree with . 
To watch him now makes me believe 100 % that he did what he thought was best for the country and its people . 
He just seems like such a normal guy . 
He drank a little too much of the Kool Aid ... 
[ Non-Mobile Version ] ( http : //townhall . 
com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2013/10/31/health-insurance-losses-to-get-worse-with-employer-mandate-looming-n1733796 ) 
& gt ; '' You never let a crisis go to waste . 
And what I mean by that it 's an opportunity to do things you think you could not do before. `` 
& gt ; ~ Rahm Emanuel , former White House Chief of Staff for President Obama . 
I think that explains the motivations behind the handling of Benghazi . 
Fortunately , the Lamestream Media is not the only source of information and whatever Obama had planned to use Benghazi for was foiled by the New Media . 
Kind of like mandating that a fired shot be returned to the casing , and that no harm was done . 
Just as effective in either case . 
What do you guys think ? 
90 days until the fix is Everyone is on the Bronze plan , period , and that since it is a tax ( John Roberts ) , it is automatically deducted from your paycheck , just like Medicare . 
I cant see any other way out for this . 
This law has already devastated the individual market , and there is no way back now . 
in Obama 's defense , he was extremly busy not knowing people would lose their insurance at the time 
I looks like you have to be a member to participate in a survey to me . 
http : //today . 
yougov . 
com/learn-more/ 
Racism is a despicable thing , so calling someone a racist without cause makes you an equally despicable person . 
The US has the best healthcare in the World . 
More patents on drugs and medical devices than all other countries combined . 
This was all made possible by Capitalism . 
Single payer would kill the incentive . 
Apologizing is kind of late do n't you think ? 
It is like in a courtroom when an opposing attorney objects and the jury is told to forget what they just heard and/or saw . 
Really ? 
The damage was already done . 
The school knew that . 
`` Hey I broke your spine on purpose and you may never walk again , but I am sorry. `` 
Of course , then again , it is Bush 's fault and I am a racist . 
I watched the video , and here 's what I would say : the press has acted like a predictable and reliable slave to Obama since the 2008 election . 
They have carried his water , defended his actions , concealed his lies , and generally did anything he wanted . 
He does n't respect the media because they never challenged him . 
Why should he care what they say , all the while building an internal propaganda machine to bypass them as necessary I find irony at the end where Franken said an informed populace is necessary , since they do such a terrible job of informing the people , particularly about the clown prince Obama , that people think that the propaganda machine is the news , since MSNBC and CNN have willingly carried the administration 's talking points since 2008 . 
The jilted , mistreated girlfriend is crying , and no one is listening because she was the B**** to uncaring boyfriend Obama the whole time , and everyone knew it . 
Honestly , I 'm a big supporter of not challenging incumbent Republicans and instead using all our resources to try to pick up Democratic seats , at least until we achieve a safe majority , however , I 'm willing to make an exception for Graham . 
It 's not like Democrats are going to pick up a Senate seat in South Carolina anyways . 
I just want everyone to realize that stuff like this was what we claimed would happen in ten or fifteen years . 
They have desensitized us into thinking stuff like this is n't too ridiculous . 
Yes , I will just bet he does . 
Unless everyone blames the GOP , he wont be happy . 
Particularly when it is Obama who is the cause of the shutdown . 
The name of the main villain is `` President Business '' who is secretly `` Lord Business '' who wants to destroy the world by gluing it together . 
According to writer Phil Lord , the main character is Emmet who always has to build things from the instructions . 
He discovers that he 's a descendent of the `` Master Builders '' and is a chosen one type who has to save the world by unlearning all of that `` lame-o uncreative stuff '' and how to build without instructions . 
This could be seen as anti-Conservative , since Liberalism tends to scoff at traditional values and ways of doing things in favor of their `` enlightened '' and new way of thinking . 
Alternate headline : Senate passes bill to fund the entire government . 
Bill has enough votes to pass with bipartisan support in the House but Speaker Boehner refuses to allow the bill to come to a vote . 
Should we expect anything less from this president.. 
I had to stop listening when he complained he could n't do anything without Congress . 
I kept thinking about Libya , Fast and Furious , his Africa invasion looking for that jungle nitwit and the ever present drone war on Pakistan . 
What a lying sack of shit . 
Of course Obama knew . 
That is the plan . 
Better choice than Al Gore or Obama , if it were n't for Putin we 'd probably have troops on the ground in Syria right now . 
This is what happens when you have a community-organizer-in-chief in charge . 
The only thing that matters to him is winning political fights . 
If that 's their prerogative , so be it . 
I just think it would be unreasonable to enforce individual pronouns from a governmental/policy standpoint . 
There is n't enough room on documents or databases for not only `` he '' and `` she , '' but also `` zir , '' `` sie , '' and so on . 
No amount of feelings can change that . 
So the feds gave billions in bailout money to the banks , car companies , etc because they do n't care about the private sector ? 
This is what I do n't understand . 
If the feds give tax incentives/grants/low interest rates to the private sector , they 're attacked for unfairly picking and choosing winners and losers . 
But if they do n't , they 're attacked for not caring about the private sector . 
I mean ... it skyrocketed day 2 though to 248 dude ( even though I thought it was 100 day 2 and 248 by day 3 but who knows ) . 
I mean look on the bright side , Jay Carney said only 5 % of americans lost their insurance . 
Only 2 million so far ! 
That 's pretty good ! 
And with 20 million needing insurance and with forbes estimating only at least 93 million will lose their grandfather status , that 's a pretty good trade . 
Who cares if they estimate more people will lose their coverage in the long run than people who needed it from the start . 
Now they can just go on Obamacare and *save them monies* . 
I mean sure , people 's premiums are doubling for worse plans . 
Those are just the bad plans we got ta weed out . 
And unfortunately responsible people , that includes your bad cadillac plans as well . 
You guys really do n't know how lucky you were that the government found this before it was too late . 
Can you believe you guys were only paying a little and getting a good policy ? 
It makes more sense to pay a good amount for a little policy because good is better than a little right ? 
/s I could keep going for a while but I think i 've circlejerked enough 
I 'll give it a try , but I need to forfeit the `` It 's not an individual '' -point , to make it fairly reasonable . 
Just as if another humans survival is predicated on my support to survive ( say they need my liver to have their blood cleaned ) , I 'm not required to fulfill that wish . 
In a donor-setting this would mean saying no . 
In a pregnancy setting this would mean terminating the pregnancy , either through the help of professional medical personnel , or by whichever method I found more attractive . 
I combination of starvation , pills or physical trauma can all work - And are likely to damage me . 
This is how current abortion laws are defended : The autonomy of the individual . 
If , however , another human is connected to me and I accept that , but I do n't take care of myself - to an extreme degree . 
I 'm in a position to do that same actions , but without the goal of terminating the connection with the other individual . 
I might just end up damaging the other individual , and then leave others to pick up the pieces when the process is complete . 
In a pregnancy setting this will mean increased chances for birth defects - mental and physiological problems . 
In another medical setting this would mean damaging instead of helping another individual . 
In this last setting there is some very practical reasons for a control organ coming in and saying `` now , wait a minute , the path you 're headed down now is very problematic '' - Here you 've already rejected your right to autonomy , which is what abortion laws are predicated upon , but you are now damaging someone else . 
What 's wrong with single payer ? 
Plenty of other countries do it and their economies are fine . 
Color me shocked , the IRS being used as Obama 's personal muscle . 
He should be more firm with the House Republicans . 
Tell them that this time , he drew a *maroon* line . 
That 'll scare 'em . 
Next comes government run medical schools only . 
Then government doctors only . 
Then the government will tell the doctors where they can practice medicine and how many and what patients they can have . 
Let it be known the Democrats OWN this . 
This is just truly awful . 
You have to laugh at all the stuff Obama and the dems do and say . 
If SAL and the daily show were n't staffed by liberals , this speech would be obvious material for those shows . 
I do n't like Ron Paul or his tactics , but honestly , when I think about it , why should some voter who spends about 3 seconds filling out a ballot have a say in who gets to be on the ballot for the general election ? 
In a caucus , at least you have people focused on their choice , people talking to other people , and best of all , Republicans actually forming a party rather than just a voting bloc . 
Looks like the rules regarding resignations and recall elections got some special attention from the DNC . 
Problem is this does n't reflect what happened . 
America had pretty unregulated capitalism in the 19th century , yet real wages *rose* an extraordinary amount for the ordinary man . 
Same in the United Kingdom . 
I know what he said was despicable , but by college professor standards , it could be worse . 
At least he 's not a [ domestic terrorist ] ( http : //www . 
thecollegefix . 
com/post/13428/ ) . 
The great divider . 
Also , far fewer than 50 % of Americans for a republican house candidate . 
The districts are so gerrymandered they received a majority of seats anyway . 
And now I am sad thinking about what could have been : ( 
Nice . 
https : //twitter . 
com/r_Conservative/status/385248812693852160 
Easily the one Obama Administration official I would most like to see removed from office ( other than Oblablabla himself ) . 
They sourced a [ satire blog ] ( http : //diversitychronicle . 
wordpress . 
com/disclaimer/ ) . 
Thank [ this guy ] ( http : //www . 
reddit . 
com/r/Libertarian/comments/1rfsx5/liberal_professor_tells_white_male_students_to/cdmtiel ) . 
It does n't work for RI or MA ! 
For whatever reason , Massie 's website is n't working , so here is a [ mirror ] ( http : //webcache . 
googleusercontent . 
com/search ? 
q=cache : YAnQz_RvHTEJ : mychal-massie . 
com/premium/why-i-do-not-like-the-obamas/+ & amp ; cd=1 & amp ; hl=en & amp ; ct=clnk & amp ; gl=us ) of the sauce . 
This is why we need to end the all or nothing method of assigning votes . 
If we 're going to keep the electoral college , votes should be assigned proportional to the popular vote of the state or tie the electoral votes to county results . 
Employer rights ? 
Just a minor detail . 
`` The Nobel Peace Prize is so relevant for present discussions of world affairs '' -No one ever 
My question is where yahoo got the figure 'which supplied 80 % of their family 's food ' from . 
I see it mention in none of the articles it sources , and based on the pic [ here ] ( http : //watchdog . 
wpengine . 
netdna-cdn . 
com/wp-content/blogs . 
dir/1/files/2013/11/IJ-garden-3 . 
jpg ) it 's rather obvious that garden did not produce anywhere near that amount of food . 
Just gon na throw this idea out there : Maybe , just maybe , the importance of a day should n't be judged by whether schools are open on that day . 
I think some people here are trying too hard to be offended . 
There are no honest D or R politicians . 
Dishonesty breeds political success . 
If you look at the actual results , there were actually way more Democrats polled than Republicans , the split ( our of 1000 ) was : * D : 381 * R : 218 * I : 310 
I was actually going to make the same comment ... 
Is anyone surprised by this ? 
Oh come on , this partisan bullshit is n't productive . 
The problem is the Republican party is split , how the hell is there supposed to be a negotiation when a faction of the party went rogue ? 
I do n't think the article is entirely wrong , I think that the Democrats are trying to ramp up the pressure to wring some concessions out of the Republicans but that does n't make them the great evil of politics . 
Obama has the least transparent administration in history . 
His is also the most dishonest and least qualified to ever hold office . 
I still can not fathom how incompetent this administration is . 
They ca n't even fucking build a website properly . 
It was n't like this was a small hiccup fixed in one day , it still is broken ! ! 
They had three years to get ready and they still fall flat on their face . 
Couple this with the millions of people losing their insurance , and Obama 's lie campaign to sell it . 
It 's an embarrassment . 
Seriously , at this point , I 'm not even talking about what a shitty plan it is . 
I 'm so embarrassed that they ca n't even fucking implement it ! 
I really ca n't understand why the Dems do n't take the deal to just postpone the individual mandate and eliminate the subsidies for congress . 
That 's been on the table since before the shutdown . 
I 'm sure the Repubs would drop the subsidy thing to make the deal too . 
So why is delaying the individual mandate such a big deal for the Democrats ? 
So not fast ? 
Poll : More **Republicans** trust Fox News on healthcare than Obama , all other major networks , newspapers . 
ftfy 
I wish it was just that easy . 
This women I swear ... . jeesh . 
This is a good idea . 
The original idea was that Senators would be chosen as ambassadors to Washington as representatives of the state government before the 17th amendment was implemented , while the House of Representatives would be district ambassadors . 
Getting rid of the 17th amendment would encourage more interaction between the people and their state governments , which has a lot of potential . 
At the same time , however , the house is already over-represented due to excessive gerrymandering and doing this could result in the same problems that plague the house . 
While I have no doubt that the goal of repealing the 17th is political stratagem to take control of the Senate , thus suppressing the vote in larger districts , its benefits may outweigh the short-term political chaos that would ensue . 
If white voters had rejected Obama then he would not have been elected . 
White voters are still the largest voting block around . 
Not really . 
The ACA 's funding is statutory . 
The shutdown affects it not one bit . 
$ PLC is watching ... 
you can see it here http : //nation . 
foxnews . 
com/2013/10/28/obama-admin-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance 
If the rich does n't pay taxes who pays for the Medicaid people ? 
That is right , it was a huge tax on the middle class . 
I would n't hold my breath on that one , I do n't think the British like him any more than we do . 
So if you listen to the democrats they will always tell you what they are scared of . 
Tea Party senator . 
I checked his political affiliation and your not going to believe this . 
100 % Republican . 
He is a supporter of the tea party , which any politician should be . 
Democrats should support the tea party , if they supported freedom of speech . 
O wait , they do n't . 
Yep , allows blame to be shifted to insurance companies and red states that wo n't consider approving reinstated plans . 
That 's assuming that this is done administratively . 
If it needs legislative approval , then republicans in congress will get the blame . 
NBC 's headquarters should be in North Korea . 
Of course he is taking the side of the people now . 
It 's good for Hillary 's campaign ! 
Do n't be surprised when she starts talking about how she 's gon na fix Obamacare , or make the healthcare system better in the debates . 
Obamacare failing would be the ultimate talking point for either side . 
Heck , they could run their entire campaign on it . 
Mr. Obama has created the ideal situation for ANYONE to become president . 
Many people will be fooled by the 2016 campaigns , I 'm guessing much more than Obama 's last two . 
If he had kept promises on just half of his talking points , the next candidates would have a much harder time . 
Bill will use every failure of Obama to promote Hillary 's presidency , and so will every other candidate for their own . 
Bill saying these things is not an uncommon thing to do before elections . 
And do n't be so naive to think all other candidates wo n't be doing the same . 
It was actually Breitbart that got Greg a job at Fox News . 
Hooray ! 
At this point , it is all about money . 
Its about environmental companies , colleges who have environmental degrees and federal/state taxes . 
They will say and do anything to keep this narrative going . 
I ca n't even finish that article . 
Here 's a solution ; stop pumping out babies you ca n't feed . 
stop paying people to not produce . 
Problem solved 
He should show us his dedication . 
I think charities would be much more efficient at redistributing wealth , I mean donations , than the government . 
Just sayin ... 
We 'd best pray it is a fraud . 
If it is not , I fear our response will be at best too little , too late . 
To put it another way , I 'd never be happier to be wrong about something in my life . 
good 
This pisses me off so much . 
Knowing that my hard earned money is spilling out of my bank account into the pockets of these dirty effing liberals . 
It truly amazes me how this shit gets swept under the rug . 
On a side note : Has anyone confronted a liberal about this yet ? 
I 'm interested how thinkprogress is spinning this . 
Usually that 's what liberals do after a retort is posted there about stuff like this . 
Pretty predictable . 
In other words : No more Ron Paul scares . 
In one way this is pretty darn cool . 
Yet , for some reason I have this uneasy feeling about it , like a huge target has been placed on us , or something like that . 
Thank for the link , order a copy for $ 4 . 
13 used . 
What planet does this guy live on ? 
Libworld demands we heed their nonexistent 'consensus ' and bow down to the demands of their cult ideology and it 's predictions of gloom and doom . 
Yet the very same libs tell us we must ignore the vast majority demanding obamacare be stopped now before it does more damage to the nations healthcare system . 
Why are Conservatives the only ones on Reddit that are posting and have a problem with this stuff ? ? ! ? ! ? 
! 
And [ approximately 30 % of Americans identify as liberal ] ( http : //www . 
gallup . 
com/poll/162746/fewer-americans-identify-economic-conservatives-2013 . 
aspx ) . 
Coincidence ? 
These guys live in such denial . 
It cracks me up when they say `` reality has a liberal bias '' . 
Hardly . 
Burned by a peanut farmer ... ouch 
Yea imagine that ! 
That is a world I do not want to live in . 
Good thing that never happens ... Phew . 
Thugs . 
Every one of them . 
This entire Administration should all be wearing orange jumpsuits by now . 
Threatening PRIVATE CITIZENS who dare criticize The Messiah™ ? 
This is madness . 
It MUST stop . 
And the average American family will be paying $ 2500 less per year for healthcare . 
Mine 's gone up $ 2500/year since the ACA was passed . 
I think this is correct . 
I do n't get offended when people wish me a happy Hanukah , kwanza , Ramadan , etc . 
I would rather celebrate with that person and try to add to the fun and joy of my fellows , even if I do n't celebrate the holiday . 
you know it 's bad when pravda waves it stick at you . 
O for Christ sake , is this guy for real . 
Maybe your school is shitty because you 've lobotomized into thinking that all of their problems stem from some amorphous spectre of racism that looms over all aspects of the public sphere . 
I guess it 's possible . 
When the communes kick in and we have to line up for toilet paper and rations of bread ... they might be begging for fruits/veggies then . 
But seriously . 
I feel real bad for the Obama daughters right now . 
Did they try restarting the computer ? 
Anyone else noticing a decided overabundance of liberals polluting our subreddit ? 
Haha , thanks for the laugh . 
You know you 're shutdown is n't too serious when it gets the hashtag # shutnado . 
I was waiting for the Federal Service logo show up at the bottom with someone asking , `` Would you like to know more ? `` 
What will they cover instead ? 
Shitting in Sarah Palin 's mouth ? 
By the time the primaries were done , McCain and Romney jogged so far to the right in their rhetoric to appease their base that it turned off moderates and independents . 
What has the petition website accomplished anyway ? 
they should really just shut it down . 
Americans should n't have to lie to get affordable health care . 
This shows how little confidence and respect people have for the affordable health care act . 
Par for the course . 
How is this a lie ? 
`` 6 ) Supported the $ 700 billion TARP corporate-welfare bailout just like Bush '' While Senator , Obama voted for the $ 700 billion TARP bank bailout bill . 
The bailout rewarded irresponsible and illegal behavior . 
It redirected resources from more productive uses to less productive uses . 
It punished the hard working taxpayers who had played by the rules and obeyed the law . 
It created horrible incentives , and sent the wrong message . 
The bailout was evil because it rewarded the bad people and punished the good people . 
No society that does this can expect to remain free or prosperous . 
Instead of bailing out these corrupt corporations , we should have let them cease to exist , like we did with Enron. `` 
This guy clearly has never been a confused and uncomfortable 10 year old with a plate of turkey in front of him listening to arguments about abortion . 
To a 10 year old , cranberry sauce looks a lot like what you imagine an abortion looks like . 
Do n't advocate picking fights . 
It 's dumb and makes you look like a jackass in front of everyone . 
He 's a Communist . 
Thus , not the former and certainly the latter . 
There 's an Imelda Marcos closet-worth of shoes left to drop ... 
Fear mongering from the liberals ? 
who would have thought ? ! 
? 
If you get offended because someone wishes you a Merry Christmas then you are n't really offended , you are just finding something to complain about . 
What if his `` religious beliefs '' dictated that black people were sub-human ? 
Is that cool with all you guys , too ? 
It would appear that liberals have a different definition of what a `` handout '' is as compared to conservatives . 
Elections have consequences 
Seems CNN has decided to report actual news since they hit their lowest ratings in over a year . 
Limbaugh theorem ! 
I trust Pelosi on health care . 
The entire infrastructure of the medical sector is funded by her innumerable botox procedures . 
There 's even talk about a botox pipeline from China to her local clinic ... 
Think of the jobs . 
Great 
Before anyone gets their panties in a bunch this is not an accurate description of what actually happened . 
The truth is Mrs Pope was preaching during class time , distributing religious materials in her class , and had ignored repeated warnings to stop what she was doing . 
Source : Mother-in-laws brother ( uncle-in-law ? ) 
worked with Mrs Pope 
Great quote by a very smart woman 
only 5 ? 
He was , by definition , a victim of homocide , something I hope to avoid . 
BTW , the title is entirely misleading , it simply counts up the number of cases where a stand your ground defense is invoked and whether the accused was then convicted of a crime . 
It includes cases that never went before a judge or jury for an independent finding of fact . 
Besides , the stand your ground law changed the scope of what is legally justifies killing another person . 
I am not particularly interested in whether a killing is legally justified . 
I am interested in whether a killing is legally justified . 
You could pass a law that stated you were justified in killing someone if you did n't like the way that they looked at you , and then all killings would be justified legally , not morally . 
This is just sick . 
It 's not as if Oprah or any of these other celebrities had any real credibility in the first place , but you 'd think the teachers knew better . 
What idiots . 
Unfortunately for you She never did say that . 
How is any of that outrageous ? 
Yes , some people said white voters would n't vote for a black President , because of the [ Bradley effect ] ( https : //en . 
wikipedia . 
org/wiki/Bradley_effect ) . 
It 's not saying `` everyone who did n't vote for Obama is a racist '' ... 
OLD and Busted : Saved or created NEW Hotness : Enrolled or Enrolling 
Here 's to hoping he pleas it down to really put the nail in the coffin of this teflon socialist in chief 
Good story from 60 Minutes . 
An interesting tidbit at the end of the story mentioned that one of the suspected leaders of the attack was a former Guantanamo prisoner . 
I 'm unbelievably pissed at Obama and his administration for everything they 've done and have n't done . 
I 'm more pissed at the amount of people not interested in the truth who follow him as a Messiah . 
They do n't care about what he 's done , because they 're so deluded into thinking that the government knows what is best for them . 
It 's sickening and terrifying . 
[ Robocop on political correctness ] ( http : //www . 
metacafe . 
com/watch/mv-mnd9/robocop_2_thank_you_for_not_smoking/ ) 
Personally I do n't really think he should be getting paid period . 
Not him , not the other reps , and not the senators . 
If they can get their job done in regular fashion they do n't deserve to be paid when the people affected by their actions have to go without . 
I find it hard to take these `` donations '' seriously does n't matter which party , it 's nothing more than PR Bullshit . 
I do n't see how this is even needing to be debated as not an issue by the progressive left , any jackass can see how having another group of people with no connection to you determine how much your health is worth . 
Hell , if they constantly complain how a `` jury not made up of your peers is unfair '' , then how the hell can they say that somebody in washington can determine if you live or die ? 
Yeah , further divide the party . 
That 'll work . 
Elections have consequences ! 
Watch him get diagnosed with cancer soon 
Sadly , all you 'll get from those not on the right with this is , `` You know Obamacare is n't a thing you buy , right ? 
It 's healthcare . 
`` . 
Not to be racist , but it is an African proverb . 
The petition in question https : //petitions . 
whitehouse . 
gov/response/isnt-petition-response-youre-looking 
97 % of published ( i. e. real scientists ) do agree , and no , the meteorologist ( i. e. not scientists , but tv broadcasters etc ) survey does not contradict it http : //mediamatters . 
org/mobile/blog/2013/11/27/no-daily-caller-a-meteorologist-survey-does-not/197080 
The only big problem I have with Jindal is that he would make a wonderful Secretary of Education , but I really want to abolish that position so I 'm left with all these conflicting feelings . 
From the comments ... . & gt ; dcpoopicker Frank_Mann • 8 hours ago & gt ; Rush Limbaugh called them out perfectly ... if their goal really was saving the planet , they 'd be out there celebrating and taking credit for the 17 yr cooling , instead of trying to bury it . 
This is about control , just like every other Democrat policy imposed on us with or without the consent of Congress 
I 'm certain that these numbers are false . 
It 's unfair to judge Obama like this just because he 's black . 
Let him affirmative-action^doctor the numbers first , then judge him . 
Everybody in here understands that the decisions for who works , who does n't , and what they do during a government shutdown was determined by the US Attorney General in the '60 's , right ? 
And that it 's the Republican effort to get rid of a law that was passed by both sides of Congress , signed by the President , and ruled as constitutional by SCOTUS , through extortion instead of the actual legal process defined by the constitution that is holding up progress , right ? 
I do n't like the ACA either . 
But we have a legally defined process for getting rid of bad laws . 
I wo n't tolerate the disrespect for the Constitution the Republican party is showing in regards to the ACA . 
And neither should you . 
Peanut butter was invented by a black dude ... 
MLK Day is a more emotional day for many Americans than Presidents ' Day . 
Presidents ' Day is kind of a vague idea , MLK Day is in memorial of a specific moment in recent history that caused an important change . 
How does pointing out facts about how we do n't support the troops when they need it the most , on the day when we 're supposed to show our reverence for them and what they do for us , make someone a bad person ? 
Ok , watched the video . 
Yeah , parts of it were cringeworthy , but out of a 4 minute video , about 3:45 of it were all good , positive sentiments , some of them smack out of the Bible ( or extremely similar ) . 
If they edited out the 15 seconds of dreck that had anything to do with POTUS it would have been a great video . 
Who knew that Obama had such thin skin ? 
Everybody 
Should n't this be posted in /r/HollywoodactorswhousedtoloveObamaproblems ? 
I 'm having trouble mustering up any compassion for her or the rest of the morons there . 
Its ironic how much redstate . 
com hates the Republican party . 
One of my biggest pet peeves is that people do n't recognize who the real culprit is . 
An example : recently Venezuela has had a shortage of toilet paper . 
Instead of recognizing that the economy ca n't sustain the high taxation , lower taxes , and wait for the market to correct the problem itself , as lower production costs would incite more manufacturing , bring more jobs , and make the product more available ; the Venezuelan government simply raided the toilet paper factory and blamed the US ( inexplicably ) . 
In this case , rather than accept the impasse , realize the Republicans have some power to demand some of their demands , the Obama administration is flat out blaming Congressional Republicans , and taking the initiative to shut down unnecessary venues , such as the generally unmanned WWII monument , and also self-sustaining park areas . 
This is calculated destructiveness , and it 's walking a dangerous line . 
So many people ( like myself ) are screaming that these unnecessary and capricious shut-downs are nothing more than political intrigue , since they do n't cost enough to be worth shutting down ( or sometimes even make money for the government ) . 
If the fence-sitters hear us instead of the standard media talking points , it 'll be extremely destructive to the liberal cause . 
But the active injure and blame-shift makes me aggressively ill . 
It 's complete and outright lies , and even a cursory view of the facts bear my theory out . 
they are much much worse 
Moved : http : //investigations . 
nbcnews . 
com/_news/2013/10/29/21222195-obama-administration-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance ? 
lite 
Victory ? 
What victory was to be had ? 
There were no WMDs . 
Saddam is dead . 
What exactly were we hoping to win after all this ? 
If you think we were somehow going to get them to love us after invading , subjugating and brutalizing them , you 're completely and utterly delusional as to the reality over there . 
Although , I have n't read the book so I dont know what follows the page , I interpret the language differently than `` White Voters Rejected Obama Because of Race '' The text says : '' But some people said Americans weren’t ready for that much change . 
Sure Barack was a nice fellow , they said . 
But white voters would never vote for a black president . 
Other angry voices were raised . 
Barack’s former pastor called the country a failure . 
God would damn the United States for mistreating its black citizens , he said . 
” It seems like the author is stating that some `` third-parties '' **thought** Obama could not be elected because the majority of Americans are racist , which turned out not to be true . 
The author does n't claim in this passage that white voters rejected Obama because of race , just that some individuals thought white voters would reject Obama because of race . 
However , I could see where this could be misinterpreted by grade-schoolers or `` spun '' by a teacher . 
Met Senator Reid once a few years back . 
Like shaking hands with a snake . 
If that snake had hands . 
But you get the point . 
[ deleted ] 
Personally , I wish he 'd donate to affected public parks & amp ; sites and to NASA which furloughed the highest percentage of its staff . 
http : //www . 
nytimes . 
com/interactive/2013/09/27/us/who-goes-to-work-during-government-shutdown . 
html ? 
_r=0 
Yeah , the beginning was funny and clever , talking about capitalism and all that , but still keeping it kind of related to the original post . 
But , that guy who 's name is blocked by orange , towards the end he was just an asshole . 
He was n't even clever , he seemed like he wanted to rant about the ACA and no one was going to stop him . 
Clearly this young boys policy should have included maternity care and abortion pills . 
Since it did n't , the insurance company was just ripping him off with a junk policy . 
Shame on these 1 % fat cat corporations . 
Yes . 
Is n't that sad ? 
Will these thin skinned troglodytes ever just shut their gaping maws ? 
It 's like they just ca n't fathom a world in which something ANYTHING does n't offend them to the point of utter revulsion . 
This lets us keep our plan for only a year . 
That was not the promise Obama made many times . 
Also it would not be easy at all for insurance companies to do this . 
Who ? 
Why have I never heard of Malik Obama until reading this ? 
That report is not peer reviewed science . 
I 'm not sure where you got that from . 
so sad and so true . 
One day people will actually listen to MLK and realize that we have gone in the opposite direction since he died . 
It 's embarrassing sometimes . 
I thought that the high up government officials were exempt 
Ca n't wait for these CBS employees to go on `` Extended leaves of absence '' because they insulted the great and powerful Obama . 
The whole Bengazi thing is so bizarre . 
Every video , photo , and document that the guy provided were verified by external sources . 
I really do n't know why they made the story about some completely unverifiable personal narrative , when they should have run the story about actual proof . 
I really think there 's something still there . 
The White House would n't be fighting this so hard if there was n't . 
There was too many trans-fats in the vegetables of course . 
True to your name . 
Thank you . 
What 's he at now ? 
145 rounds or something ? 
He must have named every blade of grass . 
Yet they support illegal immigration and amnesty which takes all the jobs high school kids should have because they think blacks and browns will unite and destroy whites . 
Best line so far was from Kevin smith , boehner 's spokesman , who said `` Obama will negotiate with Iran and Putin , but not congress '' 
Seems to me they lost their majority in Congress and their super-majority in the senate BECAUSE this law was passed against the wishes of the people . 
We said loud and clear for the last two election cycles that we do n't want this thing Obama . 
You 've simply forgotten who is in charge here . 
Priming the pump for free abortions 
I 'm a liberal and agree with this . 
I would just put Bush and Clinton in that train too . 
Fuck put congress and the senate in there . 
It 's almost as if he does n't hear how stupid he sounds virtually every time he opens his smug , arrogant and incompetent mouth . 
I really wish they would n't do this . 
This has no chance whatsoever of going anywhere in the Senate . 
It 's going to be like government shutdown the sequel and will give the media something to use as a smokescreen for Obamacare and the President 's lies . 
We should run him for president . 
Either party . 
Or just make a new one called the people who work party . 
Fucking awesome . 
When a convicted perjurer , rapist , who has surrounded himself with criminals his entire life , lectures you on honoring your commitments , you might want to re-examine your life choices . 
Headline should read . 
Blackout : State Run Media Censors All Coverage of ObamaCare for Days 
& gt ; a brigade of Republicans conduct themselves like a bunch of Berlusconis -- as enemies of the state from within who want to cripple the country because that 's the desire of their conservative voters at home . 
Do n't read this trash . 
I would n't wrap fish in it . 
Never going to happen . 
I know you 're terrified that your little experiment is dying and this would be the last chance for relevance , but the states will never allow it . 
Go ahead . 
Fade away into obscurity and we 'll take the party back thank you . 
To the world she is a cartoon a joke and a idiot . 
To most Americans she is the same . 
That damn liberal media defending their liberal agenda again ! 
`` The school 's HYPE Committee , which organized Friday 's Hampshire Halloween event , released its own statement saying it made the decision to pull the `` predominantly white '' Shokazoba from the line-up after students expressed concerns `` about cultural appropriation and the need to respect marginalized cultures. `` '' 
What could be more respectful to a culture than emulating their music ? 
Who says she was assuming authority over him ? 
Perhaps he delegated her to a speaking role because she 's a better communicator . 
This was actually pretty funny . 
It showed a take from both perspectives of Democrats and Republicans . 
The Breaking Bad and the Obamacare Oscar parts were hilarious . 
This is not news . 
Dr. Lindzen has been a long time global warming skeptic . 
It 's not as newsworthy as if a scientist who has backed global warming theory or was even neutral on the subject had criticized the report . 
There are many more reasonable explanations for Lindzen 's criticisms other than global warming theory being a scam . 
Peggy Noonan is a gifted writer , and a genuine class act . 
The guy who knows where **ALL** the bodies are buried REFUSES to be thrown under the bus ... 
It is good to remember that rattlesnakes do n't commit suicide ... . 
[ Sergeant Schultz ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=AX0E_qwBxq8 # t=32s ) 
Batkid 's my hero ! 
That 's because liberals prefer to go to r/politics or twitter for their news . 
If he was indeed unaware of these myriad scandals , he 's the most incompetent man we 've ever had in the White House . 
If he was aware , and I believe he was , he 's the most corrupt man we 've ever had in the White House . 
Favoring caucuses over primaries is what gave Obama the win over Hillary in 2008 . 
There was a lot of talk about doing this then , too , but I think it was decided that caucuses having more power than primaries in some states was a feature , not a bug . 
It would be interesting if conservatives decided the other way . 
This article is n't really partisan bullshit . 
It 's highlighting the fact that during the shutdown the Obama administration is making a political calculation and intentionally causing as much harm as it can , because they believe the Republicans will get all of the blame . 
* Barricading and threatening arrest at national parks - never been done in history during a shutdown * Refusing to pass clean bills which fund certain institutions , like cancer kids If Republicans pulled this during a shutdown the media would be all over them in a frenzy . 
This article is trying to call out this activity ( because noone else but conservative media will ) 
No , I 'm pretty sure the real reason is because the Republicans voted to shut it down until their demands are met . 
Rouhani and Assad , we can negociate with . 
Boehner , not so much . 
Well I always knew Benghazi was a fuckup , do n't know anyone who will dispute that . 
And that Obama tried to cover up that fuckup . 
I *still* do n't see what 's different from any other shady military fiascos from past presidential administrations . 
I do n't see the outrage or the probable cause for impeachment . 
A fake video is actually a better attempt than `` I do not recall '' . 
Pretty sure Republicans screwed the pooch on this by politicizing it . 
No one in Washington has ever not had blood on their hands . 
I knew that when I watched his acceptance speech and the crowd 's cheering . 
Wholly agreed . 
That mentality is what gave us Obama the second time . 
If we can get someone plausibly conservative , who will fix some of the problems and not make things worse , it makes a strong case for an even more conservative president later on . 
The electorate nowadays will not just jump from mostly blue to mostly red because we want it to . 
We have to play the long game here . 
It does n't interface with thousands of health insurance companies in real time to give you a rate , so no , they did n't . 
I remember a time when the military was focused on warfighting and not political correctness . 
This is our chance to strike guys . 
Put up good candidates and we 'll blow them out of the water . 
HE HAS NO CLUE . 
Businesses make plans and put together budgets based on those plans . 
If the Federal government operated the same way , he 'd realize it is too late . 
My Honeywell lifetime insurance disappeared as soon as they got a waiver and I have no insurance after The end of 2014 . 
Honeywell made these plans in 2011 . 
Ends at Drudgereport . 
Nice touch . 
The UN has a political agenda and they do n't let scientific facts get in the way of their liberal agendas . 
This is anecdotal to his entire presidency . 
He was elected twice on numerous fabrications . 
Once he got what he wanted , his promises did n't matter , and a complicit media made it easy to not have to answer for those broken promises . 
People do n't change their ideology once they move , you know ... 
Which is why the entire eastern seaboard is trending Democratic ( SC too slowly to matter ) . 
The voter is the ultimate term limit . 
GDP has also been higher under BO than anyone in the history of the world . 
It was a recent post on Ask-historians . 
Very interesting . 
Too lazy to find , here 's a link though http : //www . 
livescience . 
com/34241-democratic-republican-parties-switch-platforms . 
html 
Well , the real problem with telling the truth about ObamaCare is that it likely would n't have passed . 
Last I heard ( late last Monday evening ) this stamp had not been approved . 
It was a group of activists pushing for it to be approved . 
I doubt it goes anywhere . 
If I 'm wrong and it got approved , then I wo n't even be able to express my anger . 
I 'm pretty sure , though , that this is still developing . 
Feminism was never meant to be a bad thing . 
It 's been warped from merely being about equality to now being about superior and special rights for women . 
I 've got a vested interest in seeing women succeed and be treated as equals . 
I have two daughters and I will never have any sons because I 've had a vasectomy . 
So it 's in my best interests , for the sake of my children , to do the best I can to make sure they go forth into a world that is equal and fair to them . 
That being said , I think we 've achieved that as a society already . 
In my opinion we 've actually gone a little too far past that where now women are getting paid more than their single male counterparts in the same age bracket as well as the disparity between male and female college students . 
This teaching women that they are perpetual victims is n't going to lead my daughters to a happy and fruitful life if every time someone is mean to them they put the blame on 'the patriarchy ' and not where it actually belongs . 
Instead of confronting or fixing the problem they 'll attack this abstract notion of some system engineered specifically for their oppression . 
If you get called fat it 's not because everyone is trying to oppress you , you can fight the patriarchy by putting up your body acceptance pictures on tumbler and feel like you 've made a difference or you can start leading a healthy lifestyle and hit the gym until you are not fat anymore . 
If you get passed up for a raise at work you can go home and fume about how it 's the patriarchy oppressing you or you could improve your chances by upping your game - hell find a better job if you want ! 
But instead feminism will tell you it 's an invisible system holding you back and instead of you changing yourself you need to make them change and adapt to you . 
In the end it assigns blame to the wrong thing and is counterproductive . 
Living life as a perpetual victim with everything being everyone else 's fault that you ca n't succeed is a convenient excuse not to ever try and better yourself . 
Is it just me , or did Pallone look absolutely hammered in this interview ? 
Guess he changed his mind about preserving the American Republic . 
We should have called it Democraticare . 
This is why I fear for our generation . 
Such blindness ca n't be reconciled . 
When reality comes smashing down on them , they are more likely to lash out with physical violence than wake up . 
We saw this before the Civil War with the southerners who refused to acknowledge the human rights of the slaves . 
it was from 2003 and it reminds us now more than ever that the truth never fades ( unlike the lies of the climate alarmists ) 
In short , we 're just being racist/sexist . 
To be fair , current public perception is a rather poor judge of a president 's record . 
For instance , 23 % of respondents said Theodore Roosevelt was great and 29 % said he was near great . 
Does anyone here really believe that 52 % of Americans know in which years Theodore Roosevelt was president ? 
I disagree , the president is far more extremist than he 's acted so far 
Also remarkable is that healthcare . 
gov is up and running ... ... ... . 
You think Matthews sits at home each night with a bottle of Jergens , listening to Endless Love while looking at a picture of Obama ? 
It 's getting creepy by the day . 
You should also mention this is only black on white . 
Actually black on anything . 
But wait white guys are racist ! 
What the Fuck happened to this country . 
This is an overreaction on the part of the hospital administration , not the `` political left '' . 
I do n't think it 's racist to wear an Obama mask . 
It 's what one may or may not do or say whilst wearing said Obama mask that may or may not be interpreted as racist , but that is n't what happened here . 
This was a clear , shameful overreaction by the administration of a hospital . 
To my knowledge , Liberals everywhere have not decried this person wearing an Obama mask , nor have they applauded the hospital 's decision to punish everybody for that one person 's outfit . 
I think it 's just as unfair to punish all liberals ( by blaming them all for this incident ) for this one administrative decision by a single hospital as it is to punish everybody at that hospital for one person 's outfit . 
Really is n't surprising . 
You 're going to have states that always vote democrat and states that always vote republican . 
Hence why people really only worry about the swing states and republicans always take the loss every election of have a slight disadvantage right off the start . 
Should n't happen that way , but that 's how people are rooted . 
Serious question : Who are the people being polled that believe the Pres . 
is honest ? 
I really want to know if they are just not up to speed on the last few years or just refuse to give the Pres . 
a bad rating ? 
& gt ; `` third-parties '' You spelled Hillary Clinton wrong . 
I love me some Dennis Prager . 
Articulates conservative principles so clearly and well . 
I ca n't look at any one politician and not think this applies to them . 
He 's being *very* diplomatic when he says , `` “I guess it could be a coincidence ... `` 
In other liberal news , butter crust bread is now to be considered sexist . 
California has the highest population of any state . 
I would also expect them to have the highest number of insured residents , high school dropouts , and high school graduates . 
The only number with any value is the seventh highest uninsured rate . 
This article needs to be put in context . 
http : //www . 
latimes . 
com/opinion/opinion-la/la-ol-obamacare-health-insurance-rates-increase-too-expensive-20131029,0,1645290 . 
story # axzz2jFbnU36w 
So who is running the country ... . 
Obama has proven that he 'll negotiate with Putin and Assad , but apparently dealing with the American People 's Representatives is too much to ask of him . 
If this law is a kind of a gospel that can not be altered , delayed or repealed , then why did Obama [ delay employer 's mandate by fiat ] ( http : //www . 
breitbart . 
com/Big-Government/2013/07/07/Obama-Yet-Again-Defies-Law-Delays-ObamaCare-Employer-Mandate ) ? 
If Obama can trash this law with his fiat , why legislature is not able to delay its implementation ? 
If democRATs are so concerned with the government `` shutdown '' why did n't they pass the bill and avoided it ? 
They 're called unions , and they dont like Obamacare . 
What ? 
He 's been elected before ! 
I thought you had to be newly elected and filled hopey changey promises ... 
I just want to be clear . 
Obama kept repeating this promise *after* he signed it into law and AFTER he pulled that piece out of the law ? ? 
Also , was he simply able to pull that out of the law or did Congress have to sign off on the change ? 
[ I concur ] ( http : //wattsupwiththat . 
com/2013/03/01/global-cooling-compilation/ ) 
Giving General Motors to the UAW was Obamas way of saying thank you to the UAW for the election support . 
The unions saw the PPACA as a way to get out from under the legacy costs of the forever health insurance , and so voted for him . 
Truly obvious case of back scratching . 
The best way to destroy an insult is to call yourself it . 
It only has power when you give it power . 
I think the tea party should always refer to themselves as tea baggers . 
they let it happen , like all the others , to provide reason for the patriot act and its like . 
My brain , my brain . 
Ow . 
& gt ; To begin with , he says , the concept discriminates against transgender people by linking masculinity “to secondary male characteristics , including having a prostate” and the ability to grow facial hair . 
So , because TG people choose not to grow facial hair , I 'm offending them if *I do* ? 
In that case , I do n't mind offending them *at all* . 
If that 's how they feel , they can line up and eat shit as far as I 'm concerned , as well as anyone who agrees with them . 
I wont be throwing out the streamers , party hats , and beer until this actually happens . 
On a plus side down the line , when everything is racist , nothing is . 
Hopefully that moment comes soon enough . 
What a load of bullshit . 
he is the definition of what is wrong with men in this country 
That 'article ' was just an ad for her book . 
Edit : Technically it was a quote/summary from her publicity tour for her book , *then* it was an ad for her book . 
Have you considered that many people will NOT be able to find a lower or equal cost plan and many people will not be eligible for subsidies ? 
Have you considered the fact that many people were perfectly happy with their existing plans and maybe they even believed Obama when he promised time after time after time after time that they would be able to keep them ? 
As someone who supports abortion rights , I do n't think it 's an easy situation either way . 
Good for them . 
Fuck being politically correct . 
You forgot that any opinion other than that the sun physically shines out of the dear leader Baraks ass gets you audited and put on a terrorist watchlist 
Obamacare does n't force you off your plan , but the law is written so that your insurance company HAS to , but it 's not because of Obamacare ? 
What kind of twisted logic is this ? 
Saying it a different way does n't mean that it 's different . 
Obamacare forces you off your plan . 
Period . 
& gt ; A single mother of two said she is in school and working full-time while living `` 75 % below the poverty level. `` 
She said she was shocked to learn she did not qualify for a healthcare subsidy . 
`` Are you F'ing kidding me ? ? ? ? `` 
she wrote on the government 's Obamacare Facebook page . 
`` Where the HELL am I supposed to get $ 3,000 more a year to pay for this 'bronze ' health insurance plan ! ? ! ? ? ? 
And I DO NOT EVEN WANT INSURANCE to begin with ! ! 
This is frightening , '' Assuming she earns $ 20,000 per year ( which is 102 % of the poverty level ) then she gets a [ 94 % subsidy ] ( http : //kff . 
org/interactive/subsidy-calculator/ # state= & amp ; zip= & amp ; income-type=dollars & amp ; income=20000 & amp ; employer-coverage=0 & amp ; people=3 & amp ; adult-count=1 & amp ; adults [ 0 ] [ age ] =32 & amp ; adults [ 0 ] [ tobacco ] =0 & amp ; child-count=2 & amp ; child-tobacco=0 ) and has to pay $ 400 per year to cover herself and her 2 children . 
ya no shit ... just found out yesterday through my wifes email that our premium and deductible are going up ... .. liar . 
I love the butthurt tone of that `` news '' story . 
Gave me a good laugh anyway . 
In a post-racial , color blind society , why ca n't he pretend to be a Samoan transgendered quadriplegic if he wants ? 
Problem liberal `` news reporter '' ? 
I love it . 
Does he have the unedited footage posted anywhere ? 
Its a good commercial , do n't get me wrong , but airing a Ted Cruz commercial in Texas is like running a bloomberg commercial in NYC , it is preaching to the wrong audience . 
If they really want to stir shit up they would air them in Dem states . 
/r/politics is an echo chamber of idiocy . 
And tomorrow democrats come out crying about racial hatred and how he 's being targeted because he 's black . 
Regardless , I hope he is impeached and I hope that Harry Reid refuses to bring it up in the Senate . 
That will put Democrats in a position where they will either have to defend Holder 's abhorrent behavior , or join the chorus screaming for his resignation or firing . 
I sure am glad We the People kept all those sound bites . 
Tying him to this is easy peasy ! 
Now to see if the country will accept it to be true instead of the usual `` Protect Barry from the mean ol ' Conservatives ! `` 
For those upvoting , I 'm curious what your views are on MLK ? 
Is it so wrong that we honor one of the greatest civil rights leaders in American history ? 
No could about it . 
Will haunt the democrats for years . 
These idiots are imploding , and flapping around like a dying fish . 
Let me be perfectly clear , enforcement discretion of that incorrect promise shall proceed maybe . 
I do respect Elizabeth Warren for being an unapologetic liberal . 
I 'm not sure what her game is with Wall Street . 
She loves to talk big against them , but she 's actually done very little . 
One must take several factors into consideration , such as inflation , money spent per GDP , what the long term ( read : after they leave office ) spending put in place is , and , most importantly , what they spent it on . 
Or maybe just the FLOTUS is non-essential ? ! ? 
! 
Do a little Google search about 'Common Core ' . 
What you will find is the 85 remaining public school teachers that are actually GOOD at their jobs quitting . 
If teacher 's unions wanted to do away with the riff-raff that are teachers that are actually good at what they do - then they succeeded . 
Do n't tell me for a second that was n't the goal . 
Yeah now he 's telling us they were all substandard policies 
Quick , read this before the leftist come and downvote it ! ! 
! 
Looks like they want to go down with the ship . 
It 's a hell of a burden to carry into the '14 elections . 
I have a lot more respect for Steve King after reading this . 
I wo n't hold my breath . 
This happened more than a year ago . 
The district spent $ 500k to draw this conclusion . 
Congress makes budgets ? 
Since when ? 
Have n't seen one in a few years . 
They do n't call em low information voters for nothing . 
If you want a more humorous example of this low information voter you might enjoy this video . 
It 's about 10 minutes long . 
[ Evan Coyne Maloney quizzes the Occupy Wall Street protesters at Zuccotti Park ] ( http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=ks4esvyHGLQ ) 
fuck deomcrats . 
[ deleted ] 
Obama knows everything . 
There 's no doubt in my mind that the marching orders for the IRS to single out Obama 's political enemies came from the Oval Office . 
Obama did n't know Algela Merkel 's phone was wiretapped ? 
*Puhleeze . 
* Obama had no idea Benghazi was a terrorist attack ? 
Ummm ... no . 
He knew while it was happening and rather than spend his time trying to save American citizens he spent the evening trying to figure out a way to spin a monumental foreign policy disaster on the eve of an election . 
Fast & amp ; Furious ? 
Sorry , Obama knew all about that . 
NSA wiretapping scandal ? 
Check . 
Obamacare is already a disaster of almost comical proportions ? 
Knew it all along . 
The inept , amateur boy king is a pathological liar , period . 
And not a very good one , either . 
Well , at least he 's willing to take *some* responsibility for his mad crusade . 
Let nobody say I do n't give credit where it 's due . 
& gt ; However , while there may not be an actual person immediately being affected by a pregnant non-terminating mother , there is a future person who is likely to exist and is also likely to be harmed by the mother 's actions . 
That is the person who would need to be protected . 
But is n't that the same argument a pro-lifer would have ? 
Full transript of his remarks : On a late September day in 1787 , the Constitutional Convention finished its work . 
As Benjamin Franklin walked down the steps of Independence Hall , a Philadelphia woman named Elizabeth Powell stopped him and asked , “Well , Doctor , what have we got : a republic or a monarchy ? 
” He responded , “A republic . 
If you can keep it . 
” For more than two centuries , we have kept our republic because Americans have understood that our liberty is protected by our laws and by a government of limited powers . 
Our Constitution provides for checks and balances so that no one person in power – so that no one political party – can hold total control over the course of our nation . 
But now , in order to break down the separation of powers and ram through their appointees to the judicial branch , President Bush and the Republican leadership want to eliminate a two-hundred-year-old American rule saying that every member of the Senate can rise to say their piece and speak on behalf of the people that sent them here . 
The fact is that this President has a better record of having his judicial nominees approved than any President in the past twenty-five years . 
Only ten of 214 nominations have been turned down . 
So it is clear that this attempt to strip away these important checks and balances is not about judges . 
It is about the desire for absolute power . 
But our nation’s basic rules are there for the moments when the eyes of the powerful grow large and hungry ; when their willfulness makes them determined to do whatever it takes to win , and prevail at whatever the cost . 
Presidents and parties have grown drunk with power before . 
Two Presidents of my own party – Thomas Jefferson and Franklin Roosevelt – began their second terms of office with majorities in Congress and then tried to change the rules governing judges so that they could stack the court with those who would do their bidding . 
They were wrong to try to change our basic American rules – and Americans , and Senators of both parties , stood up to tell them so . 
Today , another attempt is being considered to rewrite the rules so that those in power can get their way . 
It would mean that the U. S. Senate becomes merely a rubber stamp for the Executive Branch . 
It would mean that one political party – be it Republicans today or Democrats tomorrow – gets to have all the say . 
It would mean that one man , sitting in the White House , has the practical ability to personally hand out lifetime jobs to judges whose rulings can last forever . 
That’s not how America works . 
Here , in America , the people rule – and all the people have a voice . 
We pledge allegiance to “one nation , under God , with liberty and justice for all . 
” Not liberty and justice for whoever may be in the majority of the moment . 
Liberty and justice for all . 
In America , everyone gets their say and their due . 
Today , we say to the American people : if you believe in liberty and in limited government , set aside your partisan views and oppose this arrogant abuse of power . 
Our freedom as a people was purchased by soldiers and Senators , by those who fell for our country and those who rose to speak for it , even when they stood alone . 
The courage of patriots has given us a republic . 
Now , it is our task – and our test – to show that we can keep it . 
-Harry Reid , 2005 http : //democrats . 
senate . 
gov/2005/03/15/reid-statement-on-nuclear-option/ 
This is no surprise . 
Reagan warned about this as far back as the 1960s . 
It 's a key concept in socialized medicine . 
I 've seen several sources list at least 19 documented times . 
Granted , this is really funny , but do we really have to be dicks ? 
I really do n't want this to turn into an /r/athiesm Facebook `` owning '' circle jerk . 
We get it . 
You 're smarter than your friends on Facebook . 
Congrats . 
`` If I like your plan , you can keep your plan . 
Period. `` 
1 ) Black people can be popular , e. g. , sports figures , MJ , Kobe , Tiger Woods , etc . 
2 ) The black vote in '08 and '12 were some of the highest ever . 
In fact , the percentage of eligible blackvoters in 2012 who voted was higher for the first time in history than the percentage of eligible white voters who voted . 
In addition , Romney figured he would need 60 % of the white vote to win , he did not hit 60 % of the white vote and in addition only got 2 % of the black vote . 
3 ) Her diminished popularity since supporting Obama probably ties to Obama 's diminished popularity . 
It 's simple correlation ( yes i 'm aware that correlation does not prove causation , i 'm not stating it does ) . 
At this point , Obama is not very popular for various reasons , e. g. , NSA surveillance , libya , IRS , and failed healthcare rollout . 
Simple answers that make perfect sense , nothing you said makes her comment any less true . 
There are people who would never vote for Obama just because he 's black . 
That 's not news , there are tons of racist in america . 
Shit , just google all the racist tweets about Obama . 
It 's horrifying . 
Regardless of whether you agree with him politically , the racism is disgusting , thankfully it 's a small percentage of the populous . 
Well this is timely . 
I just walked past him today on Park Avenue . 
He was with a nice-looking lady . 
Is it wrong for thinking some people deserve to be treated like dogs and need to be put down ? 
Come say it to our face 
Quote from the article : `` So , can we finally stop pretending that the left has a positive plan for the United States ? 
Can we stop pretending that the president meant to do anything other than destroy a system he has hated since his socialist-influenced youth ? 
Can we dispense with the unhinged rants about dog whistles and face up to the fact that conservatives have been right about this all along ? 
Can we finally openly discuss that the left 's own hatred and bigotry are largely to blame for where we are now , not just regarding ObamaCare ? `` 
Prohibition was a constitutional amendment approved by 2/3rds of the states , no matter how opposed to it they are , holding the government hostage over it makes republicans look like cry-babies . 
No , this is the result of liberal culture . 
Hospital is just covering their ass out of fear of said culture . 
`` Sure I do . 
I just do n't care. `` 
This is the same retard who makes all those Anti-Evolution videos . 
This is so sad . 
I cant help but to think what if this happened at a hospital not in that state , not on the east coast if that family would have their child back . 
can we put *this* on the front page please ? 
There can be serious consequences for this stupid thug shit . 
That just made my day ! 
Chocolate rations are fine ... 
I only hate his white half . 
Obummer told them a lie . 
GUESS WHAT FUCKWHEET ? 
YOU CAME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , and I doubt anyone put a gun up to thy head and forced you to come here . 
Sure , practice and cherish your unique cultural values at home ; sure , celebrate your home nation 's independence day ; sure , call someone out when they are being downright racist with derogatory names , but DO NOT TRY TO FORCE THE USA INTO ADOPTING YOUR OLD CULTURAL VALUES JUST TO MAKE YOURSELF FEEL BETTER . 
Sincerely , A Taiwanese who moved to the USA 10 years ago for the education and for the American culture , who embraced said culture and loved every bit of it , who does n't give a flying fuck about his whither-than-ghost-Caucasian girlfriend saying how much she loves peanut butter and jelly sandwich and does not , in any way , think that is even REMOTELY racist . 
Kindly take your `` racism '' card and shove it up your ass until such time it is truly needed . 
PS . 
I went to public middle/high school in Vancouver , WA , right across the river from Portland , OR . 
Sad to see how far OR has fallen ; in WA I did not feel any sort of racism ; sure , when I first arrived , some of my initial friends were n't sure how to deal with a person from an entirely different culture , and being middle school kids , some names were tossed around jokingly ( of course , I tossed them right back ) , and now that we 're all older , we do n't use such terms anymore and there was never any sense of racism . 
There 's that famous liberal `` civility '' again . 
That 's where you 're mistaken , secularist , Darwinian , concern troll comrade . 
Notice that the text of the amendment you just cited proclaims that *Congress* shall make no law.. not that Minnesota shall make no law , California shall make no law , nor Pennsylvania shall make no law . 
Why was the Bible taught in the Puritan state of Massachusetts , with religious parishes and houses of worship having near-direct access to the public trust ? 
And why did Enlightenment fanatics Ben Franklin and Thomas Jefferson acknowledge that as just fine and dandy ? 
Why did Virginia have to ratify a state amendment to thwart local communities from sponsoring government-established religions , and why was prayer such a ritualistic fixture of early congressional gatherings ? 
Why did Jefferson blast those who would force religious liberationism at the point of a federal gun ? 
Why did it take innumerable court challenges before any and all schools catering to the general public were barred from admitting even voluntary prayer ? 
Why are the words `` separation of church and state '' nowhere in the Constitution or Declaration of Independence ? 
They were pushing the limits to see how much they could get away with , now they will reel it in to a bufferzone around the tolerance level . 
Unless cable turns to an a la carte model , they will recover their ratings . 
[ deleted ] 
Was n't he polling at 38 % on Gallup just two weeks ago ? 
Even then only about 1/6th of that was actually entertaining because it compared the bake sale to relevant political issues . 
Not saying the I support slavery at all but the point is he would actually do what the voters wanted ! 
Yet no one gets the point as if we lost the reason why we elect anyone . 
So in 2006 Al Gore said we had 10 years left to save the planet . 
What does everyone plan on doing with the remaining 2 years , 57 days , and 15 hours we have left ? 
Oprah bought her audience with the giveaways , just like Obama buys support with free stuff . 
Gettysburg is a great town . 
If you ever get a chance to check it out , please do . 
It is rather awe-inspiring . 
I went to college in MD about 15 minutes south of there , and I spent a lot of time in G-burg . 
It is , unfortunately , close to Thurmont MD . 
There is a heavy KKK presence there . 
The black population at the school never ventured far from campus because of this . 
Several attacks were reported when I was in school , and probably many more since . 
Everyone knew where the KKK church was around the other side of the mountain . 
You drive by on the right day , and you see a bunch of inbred fucktards walking around in robes with candles or torches etc . 
Sad that such a beautiful , mountainous area has these degenerates around . 
Anyway , good to see they wo n't be hanging around a place where ~100k died fighting over this very same bullshit . 
I 'm refusing Obamacare 's individual mandate on religious grounds . 
I see insurance as a form of gambling . 
Forcing me to gamble , which is in clear violation of my faith , is unconstitutional . 
Misleading Title . 
I suspect she needed it . 
Why not both ? 
Imagine if Congresspeople left their state because they did n't get what ... . Oh . 
Obamacare supporter here : Have you considered that many of the people being `` dropped '' from their plans are going to find that they can receive comparable or better coverage at likely a lower cost or much better coverage at the same or slightly higher cost ? 
I call bullshit . 
She 's an evil , cold , disgusting harpy and is the very definition of an establishment politician at this point . 
A lot of moderates do n't like her , and only some of the base does . 
If she were so great , Obama would not have blown past her in 2008 as a total noob . 
She needs to keep an eye on Warren if she 's got half a brain . 
What the OP 's headline states is precisely what the loser in chief said once all the bullshit , diatribe and propaganda is wiped away . 
Obama is really in trouble . 
You can tell by how much grey hair he has . 
When things are good it disappears . 
when he 's got problems it gets greyer , and its greyer now than its ever been . 
I was happy to see that the local news in Milwaukee picked up this story . 
It exposed people for what they truly believe . 
They sound like normal people . 
Weird . 
My premiums were raised up about $ 90 and is now $ 398/month and my deductible was $ 500 and is now $ 2000 . 
My prescription drug co-pay was $ 25 for generic or name brand for a 90 day supply , and now it is $ 50 for generic and $ 100 for name brand . 
I have to pay so much out of pocket I 'm considering dropping my insurance altogether because what 's point of having it if you have to pay do much just to have it and have to pay for almost everything out of pocket . 
I struggled to get through that . 
I do n't even know what to say ... . 
Those people were staring daggers at him and it was glorious . 
He was not afraid to speak the truth even though the masses of bullies sitting across from him were trying their hardest to stop it . 
Well , well . 
I 'm not normally a Rush listener ( or at least I have n't been for the past ten years or more ) . 
But , he seems to have a good point here . 
At the very least , he has exposed the utter dishonesty of the left 's talking points about how the ACA is settled law . 
Way to vet a story , NewsBusters . 
Does anyone research this shit or do they not give a damn anymore about journalistic integrity ? 
Bungohole Care is a failure without help from anyone . 
This article is from 2008 . 
Not sure of its relevancy in 2013 . 
Yup . 
He 's going to do just fine . 
26 year old student here . 
It 's my first year on my own insurance through blue cross . 
Got a letter saying it was ending at the end of the year . 
Those racist rules of grammar . 
When will white people learn that you ca n't just expect minorities to write and speak correctly ? 
What disgusts me most about this is the spin they try to put on it : `` Yes all you youngins will pay much much more for coverage you will never use , but you will be getting so much more coverage you will never use ! `` 
So an administration that keeps stuff secrete that should be is a bad thing ? 
Those 12 % are highly deluded . 
An article about a Democratic governor , who uses an executive order to subvert the intentions of a majority Republican legislature , in order to successfully implement changes related to federal health care law , with above average success , and it is front page on r/conservative . 
It is rare to see an article/subreddit combination which so completely cuts through persevered party bias on reddit . 
Well played CanadaCarl . 
Oh nooos , not Mark Levin . 
I 'm sure Obama is shaking in his boots right now . 
Levin needs to just shut up since it is thanks to Cruz listening to him and the rest of the radio talk show crowd that we got in this shutdown mess . 
Obama has never tried to be a President for all the people . 
This is only proof . 
[ deleted ] 
do they have a lot of Somali immigrants in Oregon ? 
People , making mountains out of molehills again 
Howard Dean was mentioned too early in TFA . 
I ca n't take him seriously . 
http : //imgur . 
com/nCDxLw0 http : //www . 
youtube . 
com/watch ? 
v=xIYhU6jfIR8 
Someone in the other thread about this tried to argue that a `` minority '' of workers ca n't shut down a plant the way Republicans did the country . 
So , I figured I 'll go ahead and post my reply here , too , before anyone makes that case again . 
In the House there are ... 200 Democrats 232 Republicans In the Senate there are ... 52 Democrats 46 Republicans That makes a total of ... 274 Republicans 252 Democrats ( I generously gave them the 3 independent senators and the president to make 256 ) Maybe some Republican leader will read this and , gee , I do n't know ... Stop acting like a damned minority ! ! ! 
! 
More Bush than Bush but they love him so . 
They never said how many hours she works , although it would take a hell of a lot of get over the 400 % poverty line . 
Maybe she has income from other sources and she didnt put the hourly rate , but her total income over the year ? 
Yes , they knew , they just hoped they would n't be the ones whose rates would go up . 
So you get what you deserve ... . enjoy . 
BC that subreddit does not like to discuss anything negative about Obama administration . 
They swarm like hornets when the nest is shaken . 
Thank you . 
It 's happening at the U of Chicago too . 
& gt ; [ The University of Chicago 's `` common core '' in the social sciences recently instituted a sequence in gender studies that allows students who choose it to avoid reading the Federalist Papers , Adam Smith , Emile Durkheim , Max Weber , etc . 
I was the only opponent to the change . 
The reason : the whole point of the social science core is to expose students to those towering achievements . 
] ( http : //www . 
americanthinker . 
com/blog/2013/11/another_academic_disgrace_the_debased_requirements_of_uclas_english_major . 
html # ixzz2m7ST7l34 ) 
This is why I am enjoying my current healthcare arrangement where I need something , go get it , and pay cash at time services are rendered . 
Thanks for the link , but I ca n't upvote due to the title . 
I 'm not a Bush-hater , but I 'm not a Bush-lover either . 
I believe he meant well ( unlike the current occupant of the WH ) , but too many of his policies were bad for the country . 
We , as conservatives , need to view the Bush presidencies as unfortunate anomalies , not something to be praised . 
Reagan/Eisenhower/Coolidge is a better model than the Nixon/Ford/Bush/Bush RINO model currently being pushed by the GOP establishment . 
It 's pretty ironic since most of them thought they were voting for `` free healthcare '' instead they 're being forced to buy something they would n't of considered . 
X/post from /r/facepalm Had me laughing hard at the office this morning . 
Was glad to see all the defenders could do was insult , devalue , or demonize . 
I like how the only thing he is worried about is that the Republicans want to get rid of the program that `` put Obama in the history books '' . 
Matthews really has a creepy obsession with the President . 
Let 's forget the fact that this is costing jobs , ruining the economy , and actually HURTING people 's healthcare . 
Disgusting . 
Jon Stewart was funny back in my college days but I got ta say the sarcasm kinds of puts me off now . 
Jon can at times come off like a liberal Rush Limbaugh as kind of overly-opinionated and single sided . 
He does still have a few funny comments from time to time but it 's not worth me watching the show . 
I prefer a strong witted jape or silly jokes with powerful commentaries . 
If I 'm going to watch a talk show on Comedy Central I 'll go with Steven Colbert . 
Colbert can crack me up . 
And Medicare has been used as a democrat scare tactic ever since during election seasons when 'balancing the budget ' is brought up . 
So what 's your point again ? 
? 
Or they 're using those emotional words to try and sway public opinion and hence pressure the republicans into caving . 
But that could n't possibly be it right ? 
It 'd be one thing if they were saying the republicans were pussies that were n't going to follow through - that 's taunting - but they 're not . 
This does n't equate . 
& gt ; Collective action does n't only - or even usually - mean government action . 
The only problem is , to a liberal/statist/Democrat , it usually does mean government action . 
Therefore , the conversation moves away from community and toward government intervention . 
WARNING : actual leadership may be imminent . 
Proceed with caution . 
But seriously , so far it looks like Obama blinked . 
So he must have been worried about his approval ratings ; in addition , he must see an opportunity to exploit . 
Do we know how this convention will work ? 
I 'm assuming each state sends a delegate to debate and vote . 
Who picks these delegates ? 
or do I not understand how this works ? 
If we complain about memorials and parks shutting down , does n't that feed into the hands of the Democrats ? 
Who exactly was Robin Hood stealing from ? 
I think this old morality tale has been modified several times to match the new scenario and to remain a seemingly populous idea . 
Ronan Farrow-mad at the world because his choice of `` dad '' was Woody Allen or Frank Sinatra , who was married to another woman when he was conceived . 
His words highlight a distasteful trend across the internet and politics : if you do n't agree with someone , try to shame or vilify them , and get others to join your disdain or suffer the consequences . 
It 's the thing I like least about reddit . 
Many , many people are predisposed to a position on a certain subject or article before they ever hear or read the merits . 
Attempts at objectivity and reasoned opinion has long gone . 
All that 's left half the time is name calling or berating . 
People purposefully trying to manipulate or twist the facts just as often , with forethought , to support their position regardless of how they do it . 
If you do n't agree you are the hated enemy and all rules at civil discourse do n't apply . 
He also said this regarding the House : `` What right do they have to pick and choose what part of government 's going to be funded ? `` 
Of course , the Constitution clearly gives them that right , and passing appropriations bills is a pretty essential job of the House . 
Like hell they do n't ! 
Handouts and free rides are the cornerstones of the Obama regime . 
2010 and the Senate needs 60 votes to pass the ACA , but Scott Brown was elected as the 41st vote against Obamacare . 
Harry Reid says `` Reconciliation '' and somehow only 51 votes are now needed . 
People did n't like this and voted a bunch of Dems out , and give control of the House to the Republicans . 
Yet the president keeps saying `` I will not compromise '' . 
& gt ; holding the government hostage The president is saying , I will not sign any bill unless it does 100 % of what I want . 
The Republicans are saying , give the same exemptions you gave out 1200 times ( i. e. congress staffers and big business ) to normal people for one year . 
Also , holding the government hostage ? 
Can we tone down the rhetoric ... 
It 's more like , nonessential government employees will be furloughed until a compromised is reached ( or none is reached and the President gets his way ... ) . 
Also , while there is no guarantees it is assumed by everyone that these non-essentials will still be paid , though they did n't work . 
& gt ; A day earlier Sen. John Cornyn , Texas Republican , had scolded Mr. Reid for attacking Sen. Ted Cruz , another Texas Republican , by name as they debated the government shutdown . 
Mr. Cornyn read directly from the Senate Rules that prohibit members from impugning each other’s motives or conduct Very weird that Reid does n't know the rules of the Senate . 
& gt ; It is a veritable culture of intellectual corruption I got to remember this . 
The republicans missed a very big opportunity with the Obamacare bill . 
Could paper clipped real id act to it then a voter id law to it . 
What 's the end game here ? 
This is some scary shit . 
And I will repeat . 
& gt ; The people have spoken … and they must be punished 
The white guilt is strong in this one ... 
Good , when I used to watch CNN he was always the reason I would change the channel if I saw he was on . 
& gt ; Largely uncommented on in the US press Yeah , I have n't seen indepth coverage of Norwegian politics for ages . 
I wondered why that was . 
Similarly , I have n't seen much coverage of Swiss politics and their referendum on providing [ every citizen with a basic income ] ( http : //www . 
reuters . 
com/article/2013/10/04/us-swiss-pay-idUSBRE9930O620131004 ) or their new law about [ severely restricting executive pay ] ( http : //www . 
economist . 
com/news/business/21573169-switzerland-votes-curb-executive-pay-fixing-fat-cats ) . 
Here is what I do not understand : Reid and Obama say the Republicans are irresponsible and reckless , controlled by extremists , and that the tea party members are anarchists and terrorists . 
Reid and Obama say they want all or nothing , a clean CR bill . 
But let us suppose that what Reid and Obama say about the tea party is true , that the minority group of extremists are dug in , suicidal and do n't care about getting reelected and do n't care if they bring down the whole GOP with them . 
If this is the case , if Reid 's namecalling and posturing *is actually true* , maybe even true without him knowing it , then what can the Democrats hope to acctually accomplish with all these insults and media hounds and blames and feels and dictates ? 
Suppose Boehner simply can not get the votes to support a clean resolution . 
What do the democrats want him to do ? 
He can not force the tea party to vote at gun point . 
Threats from the democrats wo n't change the tea party 's mind . 
Back stabbing from bipartisan and centrist republicans wo n't change the tea party 's mind . 
So there simply are not the votes for a clean cr . 
And nothing the democrats or republicans can say will change this . 
So if this is the case then it is *irrational* for the democrats to insist with their all or nothing demands . 
if you demand all or nothing and there literally is no possible way to get all then you necessarily get nothing . 
Sure the tea party may be extremists and all get voted out in 2014 and sure the gop may completely collapse , but in the meantime the democrats **get nothing** . 
If the Democrats are rational , then they would take the piecemeal funding offered by the republicans , because 'all ' *is not possible* but 'some ' *is possible* , and some is better than nothing . 
Lets agree with Reid that the tea party is irresponsible and reckless , fine the tea party is irrational and america will most likely vote them all out in 2014 fine , but if the Democrats insist on nothing for nothing 's sake then *they too are irrational* . 
& gt ; “If your family is anything like mine , ” he wrote , “then Thanksgiving is sort of like a brief military deployment after months and months of training . 
You’ve prepared all year in Internet comment sections and by yelling at Fox News on the television screen , and now you find yourself face-to-face , in close quarters , with actual Republicans This guy has problems . 
[ Biggest shame of 2013 ] ( http : //articles . 
latimes . 
com/2013/feb/20/world/la-fg-wn-france-titan-tire-workers-20130220 ) . 
[ deleted ] 
& gt ; With Obamacare , however , people with insurance through their jobs are insulated from the costs imposed on those who shop for individual polices For now . 
Listening to that pathetic attempt to salvage ACA almost made my ears bleed . 
`` Yes , I lied- ACA was actually a tax and you ca n't keep your plan . 
But , break the law for a year and you 'll all be cool and love me. `` 
( Paraphrase ... ) 
The only thing I can respect her for is ripping apart the bankers and executives that fucked us all over . 
Other than that though , this is a nightmare . 
SCOTT BROWN ! 
! 
I think it is more of an acknowledgement that selfishness is human nature . 
To ignore that fact invites the folly of liberal utopianism wherein we are told to entrust benevolent government officials to manage the system , as if they were not themselves selfish and corruptible . 
Capitalism depends on selfishness . 
It is the worst economic system -- except for all others . 
Capitalism works though , because it relies on the selfishness of both the vendor and the consumer to strike a balance . 
The vendor wants to get the most compensation for his product and the consumer wants to get the most value . 
Sure an altruistic system would be better , but the problem is no one has ever found this incorruptible , benevolent , altruistic leader to manage it all for us . 
Therefore we have to have a system that is based in reality . 
Does it surprise anyone ? 
What should scare ALL of you is that they are the ones who are going to be in charge of determining which ones of us get healthcare , how much , and at what expedience in the future . 
These people are EXEMPT from a `` law '' that they are going to be enforcing ! 
Instead of getting shot 10 times you only got shot 8 times . 
[ Threatened Critters ] ( http : //i . 
imgur . 
com/KzW0IZT . 
jpg ) 
How anyone can still defend this administration baffles me ... 
Palin can rightly argue that Obama was selling the hope and change thing to get votes . 
Obama deserves to be admonished for ... being just another politician trying to run a electoral campaign in America . 
Yes some people bought into the cult of personality , but that happens to both sides ( deification of Reagan ) . 
What I do n't understand is how this discredits his unfulfilled and fulfilled promises . 
Those are 2 separate arguments . 
Did you guys disbelieve in conservatism after Bush ? 
No ? 
I thought so . 
Mediocrity is status quo in American politics . 
Lying only matters to liberals when they do n't get what they want . 
Putin is miles ahead of Obama as far as international political clout goes . 
Sure if there were to be WW3 the US would clean up , but that hardly makes the president powerful . 
Putin has enough respect , especially in the Middle East and in China , to influence and direct foreign policy . 
This is something Obama lacks . 
What can good people do about illiterate and low information voters ? 
They are the main source of our nations problems . 
Nope . 
the blinking reveals that he knows he is lying . 
There 's nothing wrong with the premise . 
What 's less right is that instead of paying for their preference , the women are now being provided it at no additional cost ( no longer renting ) and creating a separate time reminiscent of 'separate but equal ' . 
If they wanted the private time , they could rent it . 
Then the city council stepped in and said 'separation by law ' . 
That 's the rub here . 
We no longer live under the rule of law . 
What is funny , they promised to pay her and they did n't . 
It 's an opinion article but light of everybody saying `` Obama has such a hard time getting his agenda passed because he 's an African American ... `` Bush did not have a cake walk and he tried to play friendly with the democrats on many occasions . 
I do n't think his presidency was any easier because of his race . 
& gt ; `` When we passed the Affordable Care Act , we did so with the intention that if you liked your health plan , you could keep it , '' Ahh , I guess you should have **READ THE DAMNED THING ! 
** 
But if a black guy wore an Obama mask , no one would care . 
If blacks can get offended that I 'm wearing a mask of a half-black guy , I should be able to get offended if they wear a mask of a half-white guy . 
People also forget that Leviticus was written for the Levite priests , not the masses . 
Our pastor decided to give us some history on Leviticus the other weekend , and you should have seen the shocked faces in the church . 
I did n't read the part where Bill Maher donated time nor money . 
[ deleted ] 
This is pretty much a clear case of projecting racist intentions on people who did not vote for Obama . 
I want to know what it says about the last five presidents , to put things into perspective . 
[ Where there 's smoke there 's fire right ? 
] ( http : //www . 
reddit . 
com/r/news/comments/1rkn3h/cbs_news_correspondent_lara_logan_under_fire_for/cdo9u46 ) I hope the truth will come out eventually . 
Although apparently accusations about benghazi are the same as accusations of pedophilia . 
I got 99 problems , but 0 being black ai n't one of them . 
One of the funniest/greatest stories I have read , thanks for sharing ! 
TIL that if you leave out the bits that do n't fit the pattern , and do n't care that the pattern is incomplete , then phone numbers can be shown to fit a pattern . 
Wow , conservatism got destroyed during the times of Reagan and Bush Sr . 
on its way to 12 . 
6 % 
Politicians indulging in nepotism ? 
Say it ai n't so . 
To be fair , W caught hell for perceived nepotism , Obama should too . 
I say we give deer the right to vote . 
I had a similar experience , though more severe . 
In undergrad I had to take a `` diversity '' class . 
There was no substance at all , it was mindless leftist brainwashing from a textbook written by some idiot at the university . 
I doubt it was used anywhere else . 
I could n't opt out , it was a requirement for my minor in business administration . 
Damn class went on an entire semester . 
What a waste of time , money , and brainpower ! 
They will just blame the failure on republicans . 
If you have time and want a good laugh , go to r/politics and look for the Obamacare apologists . 
Most of them are trying to blame it on the GOP . 
It 's absolutely pathetic but I really would to expect any less from the dimwit hivemind . 
more like ... 1-800-F1U-CKYO 
You 'd be surprised to know that there are differences between the 2 states laws . 
Here 's a non-liberal look at why NC 's voting laws are bad http : //www . 
policymic . 
com/articles/59395/why-everyone-should-oppose-north-carolina-s-new-voter-id-laws 
When he got primaried last time , the other guy got more than 30 % , so there 's not overwhelming historical love for this guy in particular . 
This ought to be good . 
They must be called grammar nazis for a reason 
I used to work in education . 
If there 's one thing I learned it 's that all of about 2 % of my colleagues had even a shred of common sense , less than half of that if we 're talking administration . 
There 's a reason I do n't teach anymore , and a small part of it is moronic bullshit like this . 
Edit : original post full of spelling errors from typing on smartphone . 
